Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs “OMED had a huge impact on my time at Georgia Tech. From the beginning, OMED was consistently supportive and encouraging in every decision that I made. You all believed in me when I didn’t believe in myself, and I cannot thank you enough.” — Brooke Smith, alumna, School of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering OMED offers the following programs and services: Academic Support Services – Provide study sessions, guided group study, free tutoring, ILARC, academic coaching and concept classes to students year‐round. African American Male Initiative (AAMI) – Provides academic resources, motivation, mentoring, and leadership training to support the enrollment, retention, graduation, and professional development of Black/African American men at Georgia Tech. Challenge – A 5‐week summer residential academic program for incoming first‐year students; designed to strengthen student success academically, culturally, and professionally. Career Pathway Program – is designed to advance equity in employment and experiential learning opportunities for all Georgia Tech students (through 3 wk career immersions, professional development, co-op/internship support, study abroad, and research). Career Alliance @ Georgia Tech is an initiative designed to ensure full and equal access to career readiness experiences for all Georgia Tech students. Edge – Offers support from upper‐class peer mentors to assist first-year students by hosting mentor-mentee sessions, workshops, advocacy and outings throughout the academic year. Focus – A 4-day immersive program designed to attract and recruit the nation’s best and brightest diverse students to pursue graduate studies and careers in academia. Graduate Resource Hub-contains informative content for prospective and current graduate students to empower them to navigate successfully within and beyond their assigned labs, spaces, teams, or research fields. Peer I Scope - aims to empower Achieve Atlanta scholars (all years), APS students, and transfer students (particularly from HBCUs and community colleges) in thriving within the academic and cultural environments of Georgia Tech while expanding their scope of influence and inclusion. Transitions – Enables graduate students and dual‐degree/transfer students to network with peers, faculty, and staff during their first week of orientation to Georgia Tech; as well as obtain important information about diversity resources available. Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) – aims to enhance the advancement of women in industry, research, and higher education through targeted research-based strategies for advocacy, accountability, cultural awareness, leadership development, collaboration, recognition, and cultivated student-driven productivity spaces. WOCI also has a WOC City-wide Collaborative in Higher Education component which is a partnership with Emory, Georgia Tech, Spelman, and STEM Atlanta Women. Challenge, a five-week academic preparation program, introduces incoming freshmen to the Georgia Tech experience over the summer, providing the skills necessary to succeed as undergraduates. During the opening day of Challenge, students move into campus Residence Hall and attend faculty and parent panel discussions in Clough Commons. Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login