Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Guthman Musical Instrument Competition School of Music Main navigation About The Competition History The Guthmans The Moog Hackathon 2023 Competition 2023 Finalists Information for Attendees Our Partners Judges Community Georgia Tech School of Music The Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology Collaboration at Georgia Tech News Support the Competition Open Search Search 2023 Guthman Musical Instrument Competition Join us for the 25th edition of the Guthman Musical Instrument Competition! The Guthman Musical Instrument Competition is one of the only competitions of its kind - an event dedicated to identifying the newest and greatest ideas in music. Every year, we invite musical inventors from around the world to share their creations and ideas about the future of music. On March 10 and 11, nine finalists from around the world will showcase the next generation of musical instruments. Discover their musical and design excellence on the Ferst Center for the Arts stage as they compete to win $11,000 in prizes. Tickets are now available for the 2023 Guthman Musical Instrument Competition Concert taking place on Saturday, March 11th at 7 PM at Georgia Tech's Ferst Center for the Arts. Purchase Tickets About the Competition 2023 Finalists Meet the nine Guthman Musical Instrument Competition finalists. Each finalist and their instrument has a compelling story — these are the world's next generation of musical instruments. Discover their musical and design excellence on the Ferst Center for the Arts stage. Meet the Finalists 2023 Judges Our 2023 Guthman Musical Instrument Competition judges are: Athan Billias, President of the MIDI Association; Kris Bowers, award-winning film score composer and pianist; and Morwaread Farbood, Associate Director of Music Technology at New York University. Meet the Judges Students Touch the Future of Music at Guthman Competition For Georgia Tech's music technology majors, the Guthman Musical Instrument Competition represents the pinnacle event of their creative study and research. Students help produce the concert, exhibit their work, and learn from the judges and competitors. They even get to play the instruments! Read the full article Our Latest Music Technology Research Click the link below to read about the groundbreaking research conducted by Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology researchers and School of Music Students. This research aims to transform the ways we create and experience music and to create the next generation of technology for composition, performance, consumption, and education. The School of Music Research Labs The Center for Music Technology Start Your Music Technology Journey At the Georgia Tech School of Music, our students combine technical skill with exceptional music talent to truly change the way the world experiences music. Learn more about our bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degree programs in music technology, our pre-college summer studio, and our innovative research labs. School of Music Center for Music Technology Guthman Musical Instrument Competition Updates Sign up for our Guthman Musical Instrument Competition communications to receive updates on milestones for the 2023 competition, as well as information regarding our 2023 finalists, events, and concert. Sign Up for Updates Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in