Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home The Dual Bachelor and Master degree program The Dual Bachelor and Master degree program For exceptional and committed undergraduate students that are already interested in staying to pursue their graduate degree, we have an exciting opportunity to simplify their academic goals: the Dual Bachelor/Master degree program. What does this program do for students? It makes the application process easier to get into graduate school, and allows early acceptance into the program. Also, students in this program gain early access to graduate level coursework, research, and teaching opportunities. And of course, this program also reduces the time needed to complete both degrees, so students will graduate just a little faster. Eligibility requirements Current Georgia Tech undergraduate students majoring in music technology are eligible to apply for the program after completion of 30 credit hours at Georgia Tech and appropriate progress in their degree program. As a practical matter, students should apply for the program at least three semesters prior to graduation in order to take graduate-level courses prior to receiving their BS degree. Students must have a Georgia Tech GPA of 3.5 or higher for admission into the BS/MS Program in Music Technology. This program is available only to those completing a Bachelor's degree in music technology. Admissions decisions will be based on GPA and a portfolio review by the School of Music’s Graduate Program Committee. Admissions requirements Students in the Dual BS/MS program remain undergraduates until they meet the requirements for the Bachelor's degree, at which point they will receive the BSMT degree. Their status will then be changed to graduate status. Graduate school application fees and the GRE requirements are waived. Once admitted, a GPA of at least 3.0 must be maintained to remain in the program. Additionally, students in the BS/MS program are eligible to use the Graduate Course Option even if their cumulative grade-point average is below 3.5 at the time they complete their bachelor's degree. The program will not penalize students who opt out after the bachelor’s degree. Additional information Dual BS/MS students may combine any concentration in the BSMT with either the project or thesis track in the MSMT. Dual BS/MS students will be expected to complete Intro to Audio Technology II before enrolling in any graduate-level coursework. This course is typically taken by students in their fourth semester of undergraduate study. Six credit hours may be counted towards both the undergraduate and graduate degrees as follows: MUSI 6001 (Music Perception & Cognition), a requirement for the MS degree, can also fulfill the requirement of MUSI 4677 (Music Perception & Cognition) for the BS degree. MUSI 6103 (Music Recording & Mixing), an elective for the MS degree, can also fulfill the requirement of MUSI 4630 (Music Recording & Mixing) for the BS degree. Any other MUSI 6XXX course that fulfills a core or elective requirement for the MSMT can also be used to fulfill the MUSI Upper Division Elective Requirement for the BSMT. Application Procedures The School of Music's Graduate Program Committee reviews applications for the dual BS/MS degree twice each year. The application deadlines are January 10 and September 1 each year. Students are eligible to apply if they are current BSMT majors, have completed at least 30 credit hours, have completed Introduction to Audio Tech II, and have a minimum GPA of 3.5. (In exceptional circumstances, the committee will consider applicants who are currently enrolled in Introduction to Audio Tech II, but any admission to the dual BS/MS would be contingent on successful completion of that course and maintenance of the minimum GPA). Apply Now! Learn More Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Join our Mailing List Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in