Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Programs Our Bachelor of Science in Music Technology degree program is the perfect choice for students that want to combine their love of music with the technical disciplines Georgia Tech is known for. For those looking to supplement their major with a Music minor, we offer two different minors designed to achieve that goal: General Music, and Music Technology. Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Our students master existing technology to create the ideas we'll be listening to tomorrow. Dual BS/MS Degree Program For the BSMT student that's interested in going directly into grad school. Bachelor of Science in Computational Media A computing degree integrated with music technology. Undergraduate Minors Add a little music to your education, no matter what your major is! We offer two different specializations. Undergraduate Academic Support Chris Moore Director of Undergraduate Programs Erin Jackson Academic Advisor Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid The School of Music awards a small number of scholarships and fellowships each year to Bachelor of Science in Music Technology (BSMT) and Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students to reduce the cost of attendance. Learn more about these opportunities. Learn More Learn More Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Join our Mailing List Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in