Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Musical Performance at Tech Musical Performance at Tech The School of Music wouldn’t be what it is today without its vibrant collection of musical ensembles. Each of our ensembles is composed of a diverse group of intelligent, hardworking students with a passion for music. Our ensemble directors are well respected in their fields, and are adept at choosing engaging, enjoyable pieces of music for each semester’s concerts. There are plenty of opportunities to get involved and use your talents to make music with us! New Member Interest Form Audition Information 2022-2023 Ensemble Concert Schedule Our 12 ensembles unite students from every major at Georgia Tech. In addition to their full class loads, these student musicians perform in concerts throughout the academic year. This Fall, our award-winning ensemble directors will incorporate modern takes with traditional performance. Their approach shows off the best of Georgia Tech's musical talent. Get ticketing information, programs, live stream links, and concert details here. This Season's Concerts Choose Your Ensemble Vocal or instrumental, electronic or classic: regardless of style, we've got an ensemble for it. Click on the links below to learn more about each of our performance groups and how you can join them. Chamber Choir Concert Band Glee Club Jazz Ensembles Marching Band and Pep Band Percussion Ensemble Rock and Pop Ensemble Symphonic Band Orchestras Treble Choir Academic Credit The majority of our ensembles are also classes open for any student at Georgia Tech to join, regardless of major. In total, our ensembles include students from every major on campus. Most rehearsal times are conveniently scheduled outside of most core class block times, making participation possible for most academic schedules. We are dedicated to making sure that any Georgia Tech student can continue to pursue their love of music while earning their degree. Our ensembles are also an outstanding option for students looking for a way to fulfill their humanities credit requirements. To learn more about Humanities Credits in Music classes, click here. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in