Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Student and Campus Event Centers Main navigation Home Our Buildings Exhibition Hall Historic Academy of Medicine John Lewis Student Center and Stamps Commons The Pavilions West Village Visitor Information and Services Sustainability in Student and Campus Event Centers Maintenance Request Our Programs SCPC Tech Rec Paper and Clay Graduate Student Lounge Multicultural Programs Lounge Reflection Space Campus Tickets Event Services Plan an Event Reservable Spaces Space & Equipment Rates Policies Off-Site Equipment Rentals Advertise in Our Spaces Freedom of Expression Postal Services Georgia Tech Post Office Student Mail Department Mail Our Team Meet our Professional Team Current Professional Staff Job Openings Student Jobs with Student and Campus Event Centers Jobs Around Campus User account menu Campus Tickets Contact Us Open Search Search Search West Village Parking To accommodate institute visitors, there are parking zones and meters situated across campus for visitors’ use. Please note that all visitor parking is first come/first served. Please visit the Visitor’s Parking Website to view more information about locations and hourly rates. Many parking meters can be paid for using the Parkmobile app, which allows institute visitors to pay for Georgia Tech parking meters using their cell phone. Visitors may also opt to receive text message alerts and reminders prior to the meter’s expiration. Once you download the app on your phone and register an account, you can use the zone number that corresponds with each lot to pay for parking. Zone numbers for participating visitor areas are indicated below. West Village Visitor Parking Visitor parking closest to West Village is located in the following area: WR30: Top Level of West Village Curran Deck | Parkmobile Zone 8634 Directions - West Village From I-75/85 North Take Exit #250 (10th Street, 14th Street, Georgia Tech) onto Williams Street NW Stay in the left lane and take a left at 10th Street In half a mile, turn left onto Hemphill Avenue NW Turn left onto 9th Street and continue onto the left turn. Turn left onto 8th Street NW and it will be on the left From I-75/85 South Take Exit #249D (North Avenue). At the top of the exit ramp, turn right onto North Ave. Continue on North Ave. approximately 1.5 blocks through the traffic light at Techwood Drive. Turn right on State St NW and then a quick left onto Tech Parkway NW Turn right onto Regents Drive and make a quick left onto Ferst Drive After half a mile, turn left onto Hemphill Avenue NW Turn left onto 9th Street and continue onto the left turn. Turn left onto 8th Street NW and it will be on the left GPS Address The physical location of West Village is 130 6th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30313. Please note this is not a valid mailing address for the U.S. Postal Service nor will this get you to the Top Level Parking of the West Village Curran Deck. This address is best used as GPS walking directions. The Top Level of West Village Curran Deck address is 875 Curran St NW Atlanta, GA 30318. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN