Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home K-12 Education K-12 Education The Georgia Tech School of Music offers various exciting educational opportunities for K-12 students. Read below for a list of all of the programs offered. The Pre-College Design Program The Pre-College Design program for prospective music technology students consists of two-week online workshops. Hosted by the College of Design, this program provides the opportunity to engage with our world-class faculty and current students, and give high-school students insight on what it is like to study music technology at the collegiate level. The Music Technology Pre-College program explores ways we create and experience music. In addition to music production, we explore machine learning, music information retrieval systems, immersive audio environments, and performance technologies. We study the use of popular software and hardware in music creation, manipulation, and what future developments are on the horizon. Each student will have the opportunity to create projects suitable for their own portfolio. Learn More STEAM Education at Georgia Tech The Center for Education Integrating Science, Mathematics and Computing (CEISMC) is a unit within the Office of the Provost at Georgia Tech. CEISMC serves as the primary connection point between Georgia Tech faculty and students and the preK-12 STEM education community. Annually, CEISMC programs impact more than 39,000 students, 1,700 teachers, 200 schools in over 75 school districts throughout the state of Georgia. CEISMC achieves this through research, intensive teacher professional development, advancements in pedagogy, school and community outreach, and sustainable partnerships. The unit works closely with public and private stakeholders to expand the reach of the Institute’s STEM education efforts in urban communities near Georgia Tech as well as those in rural school districts throughout the state of Georgia. CEISMIC Events STEAM From A Distance Resources Guthman and GoSTEAM Each year, Georgia Tech hosts the Guthman Musical Instrument Competition - a showcase of some of the greatest innovations from the next generation of music technologists. What makes the competition so great is that everyone has the ability to see these inventions and help decide on a winner, even your students. This year's faculty panel curated 26 semifinalists from 16 different countries. Your votes will help decide who advances to the competition's final round at the Georgia Tech campus in Atlanta on March 11 and 12, 2022. Each submission contains a short video explaining and demonstrating the instrument, along with a description and/or webpage for more context. GoSTEAM at Georgia Tech has created educational materials for K-12 students, allowing them to dive into the cutting edge advancements of the Music Technology field. Visit the links below to learn more about GoSTEAM & Guthman and to visit the Guthman Semifinalist Gallery. Guthman For Students 2022 Semifinalists Earsketch EarSketch is a free web-based platform to help students of all ages learn core topics in computer science, music, and music technology in a fun and engaging learning environment. EarSketch helps students learn to code in Python or JavaScript through manipulating loops, composing beats, remixing sounds, and applying effects to a multi-track digital audio workstation. For lesson plans and age-based curricula, visit the Earsketch Teachers website linked below. EarSketch Curriculum Resources New York Times Lesson of the Day The New York Times have featured five of the finalists from the 2021 Guthman Musical Instrument Competition in an article detailing the creative process involved in designing their instruments. Your students can view each of these instruments and engage in the corresponding lesson plan to reflect on what they have seen. Read the New York Times Article View the Lesson of the Day Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in