Skip to content Catch Themes Premium Responsive WordPress Themes with advanced functionality and awesome support. Simple, Clean and Lightweight Responsive WordPress Themes Menu Home FSE Pro Plugin Themes Features Hosting Support Blog My Account Free & Premium WordPress themes for a diverse range of Web Publishers Looking for a simple, elegant WordPress theme to quickly get your website up and running? Try our premium themes. Our themes are clean, minimalistic and niche-oriented. With our premium themes, you also get a wide variety of customization options, incredible support, and regular updates. Buy Themes Build Visually with Full Site Editing Full Site Editing is here; a new way to build your website! With the combination of minimal design, robust and responsive functionalities, and fully-customizable block patterns along with template and template parts, our FREE FSE themes are here to stay! Full Site Editor Customize Site Directly Multiple Patterns Pre-Designed Custom Patterns Custom Blocks Responsive Blocks Collection Custom Templates More Custom Templated Global Styles Dark and light Color Scheme More Features Extra FSE Features NOTE: "We have recently released Catch FSE theme, our first Full Site Editing theme. We will be adding more block-based themes in the coming days." View FSE Themes To get advanced block patterns with extra blocks, we recommend you buy the FSE Pro plugin. Get additional 17+ block patterns and 3+ blocks that are highly customizable and fully responsive. View Fse Pro Plugin Premium WordPress Themes Popular Featured Latest Catch Responsive Pro Fotografie Pro Rock Star Pro Catch Fullscreen Pro Audioman Pro Bold Photography Pro My Music Band Pro Euphony Pro Photofocus Pro Clean Fotografie Pro Zubin Pro Adonis Pro Globetrotter Pro ArtsyLens Pro Lensation Pro Pentatonic Pro Lyna Pro Shop Spot Pro View Premium Themes 5 Stars Reviews More than 982 Customers Active Installs More than 430 thousand Total Downloads More than 13 million Support Forum More than Free WordPress Themes VisionArt LaVenta Shoplaza BlockMag Rhythmic Globetrotter View Free Themes We were featured on Why Try Catch Themes? Genuine support from genuine people. Whether it’s customization or compatibility, our seasoned developers deliver tailored solutions to your queries. Our themes are more than just eye candy. With an array of completely customizable, lightweight convenient features, you get just what you’re promised. Our themes use the best coding practices to ensure that they are reliable, fast and completely secure. We want our customers to be happy. Just in case, we have a 30-day return policy, wherein if you’re not, we’ll refund you. Click here to contact us. Programming meets art with our hand-crafted WordPress themes for an unmistakable online presence. Display your website beautifully and intuitively with our stellar designs. With us, you need not worry that you may lag behind in time. We make sure you receive regular updates, not just to keep up with changes to WordPress, but to improve them. Catch Plugins for Free and Premium WordPress Plugins We have partnered with Catch Plugins which provides simple, securely coded and regularly updated, user-friendly WordPress plugins that enhances and adds extra functionalities to your website. Visit Catch Plugins What Our Customers Have to Say about Catch Themes? Let our Customers do the Talking for you! Marius84 Catch Box Pro 100% the best theme! 100% great. I was genuinely surprised by the passion and dedication of the Catch team that I decided to purchase the PRO version. Withing a few months after purchasing it, my blog became incredibly successful. The combination between the ‘responsive’ technology and the ‘mobile-friendly’ features of Catch Box Pro has had so much success with my visitors that I came to welcome thousands more in the span of only a few months. Landyvlad Clean Blocks I’m already a Catch Themes user for other sites I’ve built, but the site I’m working on now is for a different purpose – a health professional. I’ve always been impressed with the excellent customer support that catch themes offers. In fact, I’ve seen some companies offer less support for their paid themes than Catch does for their free ones. Having said that, I’ve always found that the upgrade to a Pro Catch themes has been worth the money. Nicolas Bassand Catch Wheels When building my website with the Catch Wheels theme I had bought, I posted several topics on the Catch Themes support forum, looking for help. The team at Catch Themes has been very reactive and helpful. We’ve had several exchanges and I came up with more questions. Despite that, the Catch Themes team took the time to address ALL my issues. That is an amazing support, congratulations and thank you very much! Home About Us Contact Us Join Our Team Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Linkedin Scroll Up Pinterest Youtube Instagram © 2012 - 2023 Catch Themes: Premium WordPress Themes. All rights reserved. We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Cookie settingsGot it! Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT