Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Building Construction College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Alumni Engagement History Support the School Academics Bachelor of Science in Building Construction Undergraduate Certificate in Construction Management Master of Science in Building Construction and Facility Management Master of Real Estate Development Professional Master's in Occupational Safety and Health (Online) Ph.D. in Building Construction Future Students Pre-College Summer Camp Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Scholarships and Fellowships International Students Current Students Industry Relations Research Economics of the Sustainable Built Environment Smart Built Environment Eco-System (Smart Bees) Lab People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home People Rick Porter Director, Master of Real Estate Development richard.porter@design.gatech.edu Click here to download C.V. Rick Porter began his residential development company directly out of college in 1975. Over the past 40 years, Richport has built several thousand homes in numerous communities throughout Metro Atlanta. Through subsidiary companies, Rick also has many years of experience in land development and real estate brokerage. His companies have developed over $550 Million of real estate during his career. In 2006 Rick expanded his industry involvement by accepting a Professor position in the College of Design at Georgia Tech. In 2016 he became a Professor of Practice and Initial Director of the Master of Real Estate Development program in the College of Design. Rick’s career has been punctuated with industry leadership and environmental stewardship. He represented the development industry in negotiating side by side with representatives of the environmental community, public utilities and the State of Georgia Environmental Protection Division to develop the first successful General Permit for Stormwater Discharge under the EPA’s NPDES program in Georgia. He has developed several conservation communities that resulted in over 400 acres being placed in permanent conservation easements in favor of local and state land trusts. In 1994, Rick was recognized by the national Keep America Beautiful program for an on-site construction waste recycling program that included a recycled construction material component for the new homes. Of the limited number of Development of Excellence awards presented by the Atlanta Regional Commission for projects throughout the Atlanta region, Rick’s communities have received two—one in 2001 for his Old Suwanee traditional neighborhood community that spurred the redevelopment of Historic Old Town Suwanee, and one in 2008 for Davis Oaks urban conservation community that displayed sustainability in an urban infill setting. Rick co-chaired in 2005 the Dekalb County Infill Task Force that resulted in innovative regulatory guidelines for streetscape massing in existing neighborhoods. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in