Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs AAMI As Tech Moves Forward during the Fall, OMED will offer both virtual and in-person student support programs and services. Students will be able to access Chapin (1st Floor and 2nd Floor student spaces) Monday - Thursday, from 9 AM - 8 PM, and Friday until 5 PM. If you need additional academic support please visit our Academic Support page for further information. The African-American Male Initiative (AAMI) from the University System of Georgia, also referred to as GT-PRIME at Georgia Tech, is an Institute- and state-supported program to provide academic resources, mentoring, and leadership training to support the enrollment, retention, graduation, and career placement of black males at Georgia Tech. AAMI is designed around five dimensions of development: Purpose and Ambition, Identity Bonding, Mentoring and Modeling, Visionary Leadership, and Social Engagement. The program provides a uniquely critical service for the Georgia Tech community. Retaining innovative talent is a global priority to meet the demands for a culturally diverse, technologically-enhanced, and environmentally responsible society. When AAMI was launched at Georgia Tech in 2011, the average GPA of black males was 2.62, compared to the non-black male average GPA of 3.2. In 2014, the average GPA of the AAMI freshman cohort was 3.43, compared to the non-AAMI black freshmen male average GPA of 3.04 and non-black freshmen male average GPA of 3.40. We meet these aims through culturally responsible freshmen orientation programs, peer/alumni mentoring, tutorials, resource support, and professional/identity development. AAMI has employed targeted initiatives for African-American males that have aligned with an overall increase in AAMI participants’ academic performance. AAMI offers programmatic initiatives from summer to spring semesters at Georgia Tech. Through this program, participants will: Develop a network of peers and accountability partners to support academic, professional, and personal goals. Meet key African-American male leaders in STEM and STEM-related fields, such as community development, art, law, policy, business, entertainment, and more. Engage in workshops and seminars tailored toward their unique social location and professional aims. Create and cultivate mentoring relationships with corporate representatives, faculty, staff, alumni, and graduate students. Develop and executive personal five-year vision plans. Produce a continuous increase in GPA performance trends. Hold key leadership positions on campus (e.g. president of student organizations, President’s Scholars, GTBAO Scholars, Student Ambassadors, and Challenge Counselors). Seek to become the best version of yourself while contributing towards communal and global needs. Join AAMI today! VP Raheem Beyah and Dean Charles Isbell discuss their experience as students, faculty members and leaders at Georgia Tech, as well as campus pioneers like Gary May and the value of diversity in technology. iframe: “Georgia Tech is the only institution that has received the AAMI grant from USG for five consecutive years, and this grant is matched by Georgia Tech. Because of the continued commitment by USG and Georgia Tech, we are able to provide resources, motivation, and leadership training for students in AAMI.” — S. Gordon Moore Jr., Executive Director, Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion African-American Male Wellness Resources AA Male Wellness Resources View AAMI Events Learn more about AAMI’s conferences and seminars, mentoring and modeling opportunities, and social engagement and personal development activities. View Events Join the AAMI Network Apply to join the AAMI network today! Join Network View the Photo Gallery View the photo gallery from past AAMI programs. View Gallery For More Information For more information contact: Jelani Liddell, M.S.Ed Outreach Initiatives, OMED: Educational Services 404.894.4141 jelani.liddell@omed.gatech.edu Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login