Product Pricing Help Blog Login Get Started Select Page More Than a Calendar Organizing, Scheduling, and Sharing Simplified Create Calendar Try Live Demo Simple. Scalable. Versatile. Organize teams. Schedule work. Create visibility for resource availability and events. UN Web TV Schedule Motorsport Australia Concert Calendar 😃 More Embedded Event Calendars → Featured Customer Stories Global Convention Media booking at the World Economic Forum “We heard quite some positive feedback on Teamup, so well done!” Community The time zone challenge for 6000+ online meditators “Teamup is critical to our whole infrastructure. It’s almost as critical as Zoom.” Public Education Sharing learning content at 93 schools within a Swiss public school system “Teamup is extremely scalable and adaptable.“ Small Business Scheduling 100 relief pharmacists in Canada for drug stores and pharmacies “We heard about Teamup and when we tried it, we loved it.“ Trusted by thousands of teams, large and small FEATURED SOLUTION Teamup for construction and field service professionals Read more A few examples of how Teamup is different from other calendars: ✅ Get a single view by consolidating calendars from multiple sources and apps ✅ Organize what matters in custom fields with multiple choices and use field to filter ✅ Visualize data in 11 calendar views from minute details to a year at a glance ✅ Grant individual users customized access to only what they need ✅ Calculate sums for numbers, sort, show/hide fields in Table view ✅ Keep information in context together with comments and attachments Creating clarity and big pictures for less info silos and more efficiency! Join our global community of 4 million users 😃 More Customer Stories → Create a Free Calendar Try a Live Demo Organize Teams Live demo • Show more Schedule Work Live demo • Show more Manage Availability Live demo • Show more Share Events Live demo • Show more Create YOUR calendar solution with Teamup Organize people, resources and activities on one page. Simple, secure and scalable. . Organize by team, space Organize by resource Organize by region, job Organize by status Organize by function 🎨 More Sub-calendar Setup Examples → Customize event fields to YOUR needs Capture and organize information with custom fields. Filter by context for more clarity. . I set up the number field to calculate our install dollars for the month. It helped tremendously to make sure that we had everything accounted for in our CRM correctly. Deanna Cutlip, Office Manager, USA Insulation 💡 More Custom Field Inspiration → Organize Teams Get visibility of who, what, where and when across the team. Communicate efficiently with fewer emails, messages, Excel sheets, or copy-pasting information. Provide autonomy without security risk by creating custom calendar access for each individual and group. Learn more The digital marketing team at HPE is absolutely loving Teamup. The platform is saving us so much time and allowing the team to be able to activate social content across our digital platforms much more efficiently than before. Emily Bynum, HP Enterprise Read more testimonials “I have found the perfect app … It’s a combination of the simple calendar layout + the surprising amount of simple yet useful functionality (adding images, color coding, being able to easily copy or drag and drop, right clicking to bring up more options).” Karolina Read more Google Play reviews User Story: Hope Channel “Hope Channel was hiring more people and our activities were increasing a lot more, so we decided to go with the premium option. Little did I know, it was the best decision I made. We all know with one click what projects we are working on, what is happening next, who is involved, deadlines and so much other important information. As a manager, I know exactly how long a project takes from initial idea to finished production, and this tracking makes my job easier.“ Daniel Claudet, Manager, Hope Channel Southeast Asia Read the story Schedule Work Optimize use of resources, avoid scheduling conflicts, and delegate tasks without losing sight of the big picture. Keep all the details in one place with images, files, links, notes, and time-stamped event comments. Streamline communication and easily maintain records. Learn more Teamup continues to be a critical part of our operation here at Chicago Yacht Works. We have mechanical technicians, fiberglass repair technicians, sub-contractors and daily boat launch/haul-out tasks. We previously used a combination of whiteboards, outlook/google calendars (yuck!), and spreadsheets to schedule everything. It was a big headache! We now use Teamup to schedule our technicians – a vast improvement over the whiteboard method. The ability to prevent overlapping events in each technician’s calendar is a huge advantage. Jonathan Paige, Chicago Yacht Works Read more user stories “Your calendar has been a lifesaver in desperate times. Our family of seven needed a way to schedule AND track AND assign who would accompany my inlaws, both nonagenarians, to medical appointments. By assigning subcalendars to each of us, with different colors (and black for “UNASSIGNED”), we are able to see when the next appointment is, who’s got it, and to fill in descriptions of items discussed in the Description field.” John Donohue Share your story User Story: Field Service Operations “The varied permissions are still OUR biggest luxury with this calendar as well. We have so many varied positions and each one only needs a piece of the calendar to do their job. With Teamup, we can basically organize the entire company’s production process without confusing or overloading any of our departments with information that they do not need.” Teresa Ortiz, Project Manager, Holbrook Asphalt Read the story Manage Availability Eliminate the back-and-forth of checking on availability. Enable self-booking and keep central access control: no risk of unwanted alteration to existing bookings. Customize information disclosure based on user roles; keep sensitive data safe and ensure protection of privacy. Learn more We are a cancer treatment hospital, medical center, basic science and clinical research facility for type 1 diabetes, and have a graduate school for training scientists of the future. We use Teamup in our Diabetes and Metabolism Research Institute because we can no longer freely use all of the equipment, instruments, and services available in our building without first controlling traffic in our labs and specialty rooms. It is a terrific solution. John Kaddis, Assistant Professor, City of Hope National Medical Center Share your story “We are a professional ballet company in NY (with approx. 90 dancers), along with the school for students ages 3-18. We house 9 studios total, shared among different programs and departments (including outside rentals). It is immensely efficient to have a streamlined system (our old way was having an excel spreadsheet that didn’t allow remote access) that is simple yet effective.” Miki Shintani, Rehearsal Planning Manage, American Ballet Theatre Read more stories User Story: Horse Stable Scheduling “The good thing about Teamup is that you can really adapt it to your needs very easily. Thus, with one or more individual calendars, you can also manage allocations for riding arenas, halls, stalls, equipment, and more at the stable… The big advantage compared to scheduling appointments with WhatsApp and other messenger services is that you can always keep an eye on future appointments (e.g. hoof groomer comes in two weeks). Overlaps of appointments become immediately visible and the calendar can be set to prevent them from being allowed in the first place.“ Markus Erdmann, Publisher, Country-Reiten.de Read the story Share Events Publicize events anywhere with easy share and embed options. Consolidate events from multiple sources into one view. Decentralize event management efficiently and securely. Reduce information silos across organizational units and increase transparency for better collaboration. Learn more I’ve been using Teamup to organise a couple of virtual conference programs – a nice thing about it is that it automatically adjusts to the local timezone of users, and because virtual conferences happen across multiple timezones this has made it much easier for people as they don’t need to do any timezone calculations for themselves. David Warton, Professor, UNSW Sydney Read more testimonials “I explained to a user how he can use the Share button of the filter tool to get a tailored view of the calendar that can easily be shared. He was pretty excited about it 😎 GENIUS!!! IT WORKED EXACTLY AS I NEED IT TOO!!! This feature I didn’t know about just made it possible for me to roll out a new and improved communications tool!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!” Bobby Caudill Leave your comment “We love the calendar and the flexibility it offers. We feel like we were saved from some nightmare trying to manage the calendar on one end, the events on another and then the registration on yet another platform.“ Benoit Rouleau, Vice président, Vélo Plaisirs Leave your comment User Story: UN Web TV Live Schedule “The UN Webcast team is very busy. Teamup has been helping us a lot with scheduling, attributing and promoting the very important sessions of the Human Rights Council and … The multicolor Teamup calendars are keeping us on top of things 😊 We are now also using the Teamup Daily Agenda to forward the UN Web TV live schedule calendar to all our subscribers.” Valerie Justin, Advance Planning Coordinator, UN Web TV Read the story User Story: A Global Community “We are using your calendar to schedule meditation groups in 4 different virtual chapels… 150 online meditation groups meeting in those chapels… 6000 people using our calendar to find meditation groups, and those people are scattered over probably 20 time zones… The functionality of Teamup is critical to supporting our world wide community.“ Roger Sessions, Co-founder of Meditation Chapel Read the story Gallery of Embedded Caledars UN Web TV Live Schedule BSA Seattle Council and District Calendars Summer Concert Freebies Imperial College Events City, community and school events Church community calendar Library meeting room availability many more Visit the gallery Organize your team better today! Create a Free Calendar Try a Live Demo Getting Started Video Tutorials Set Up Sub-Calendars Watch on YouTube → Create Calendar Links or Account Users Watch on YouTube → Copyright © 2014 - 2023 Teamup Solutions AG. All Rights Reserved. Get Started Try Live Demo Get Inspired Testimonials Blog Knowledge Base Facebook Twitter API Terms of service Privacy Policy Pricing System Status About us Jobs Help Cookie Consent with Real Cookie Banner