Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Grace Leslie Adjunct Faculty grace.leslie@gatech.edu (404) 894-2572 Grace Leslie is a flutist, electronic musician, and scientist. She develops brain-music interfaces and other physiological sensor systems that reveal aspects of her internal cognitive and affective state, those left unexpressed by sound or gesture, to an audience. As an electronic music composer and improviser, she maintains a brain-body performance practice. Grace strives to integrate the manners of conventional emotional and musical expression that she learned as a flutist with the new forms available to her as an electronic musician, using brain- computer interface to reveal aspects of her internal mental state, those left unexpressed by sound or gesture, to an audience. In recent years she has performed this music in academic and popular music venues, conferences and residencies in the United States, UK, Australia, Germany, Singapore, South Korea, China, and Japan, and released three records of this mind- body music. Grace recently completed a fellowship at Dartmouth College, New Hampshire, USA, where she collaborated with the Neurology research team at Dartmouth Hitchcock Hospital in the development of epilepsy therapies using electronic music and sound. Grace was previously a postdoctoral fellow at the MIT Media Lab, where she researched the link between cortical and physiological arousal, and developed new music interfaces that modulate this link to bring well- being. In August 2018 Grace will be joining the faculty at Georgia Tech as an assistant professor of Music Technology. Grace completed a Ph.D. in Music and Cognitive Science at UCSD, where she studied the expressive movements and brain dynamics supporting music engagement at the Swartz Center for Computational Neuroscience. During her Ph.D. studies she completed a yearlong position at Ircam in Paris, where she collaborated on an interactive sound installation and performed experiments studying the effect of active involvement on music listening. She completed her undergraduate and Masters work in Music, Science, and Technology at CCRMA, Stanford University. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in