Skip to the content ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems April 30 - May 5 2022 | New Orleans, LA Menu Home Register Program Authors Attendees Sponsors, Exhibitors, and Recruiters Press and Media Organizing Close Menu Home Register Program Authors Attendees Sponsors, Exhibitors, and Recruiters Press and Media Organizing Home Home The ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems is the premier international conference of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI). CHI – pronounced 'kai' – annually brings together researchers and practitioners from all over the world and from diverse cultures, backgrounds, and positionalities, who have as an overarching goal to make the world a better place with interactive digital technologies. CHI 2022 is structured as a Hybrid-Onsite full conference from April 30–May 5 in New Orleans, LA. Recent Posts Making the First Hybrid CHI in 2022 In Hybrid Conference, In-person conference September 16, 2022 Making the First Hybrid CHI in 2022 In the months since CHI 2022, “Running a hybrid conference is essentially like running two conferences” was the echoing comment I’ve heard on hybrid conferences. The error here is if one designs two conferences, then they do not have one hybrid conference. For CHI 2022, our goal was to have one blended conference. As researchers in the field, it is easy to have the “what does hybrid mean” discussion and to retell accounts of that great hybrid conference you went to with less than 57 people. None of this matters at scale, assembling a handful of Zoom rooms and a Slack channel doesnt work when you have hundreds of authors and thousands of attendees. A few people have asked us how did we build a hybrid [more] CHI2022 WrapUp In General Program, Hybrid Conference, In-person conference July 17, 2022 After a few weeks, we take the opportunity to look back and reflect on the CHI experience. CHI and COVID More people reported cases of COVID infections than we had hoped. We always knew COVID infection was a risk at the conference, and took the steps we could – including having a strong online option for the conference. As of writing, 127 people reported positive cases to the ACM. Of course, that number is likely higher – given that people may not have reported. Without asking people to report negative tests as well, we can’t really even generate a response rate. At the end of the day, it doesn’t matter if we’re talking about a 5% or 10% infection rate. Anyone getting sick is bad, and some realized their [more] Allyship Crash Course, Quiz, and Fireside Chat In Hybrid Conference April 30, 2022 This ACM sigCHI 2022’s Allyship team is made up of Rina R. Wehbe, PhD (She/Her), Siobhan Day Grady, PhD (She/Her), and Christine Bauer PhD (She/Her). We continued the initiatives created last year by Rina R. Wehbe as the Diversity Allyship Co-Chair of ACM SIGCHI 2021 Globalization Diversity and Inclusion (GDI) team with Nitesh Goyal, Maria Wolters, and Kirsten Ellis by maintaining and extending the YouTube Allyship Crash Course from 2021 for 2022. [more] Presenter Update – Mac Computers In In-person conference April 30, 2022 It was brought to our attention today that IN PERSON presenters that have Mac computers with Monterey operating systems have encountered issues when presenting. If you have a Mac with the Monterey operating system please bring your presentation on a thumb drive that can be plugged into our host computer onsite. Alternatively, if you do not have a thumb drive or cannot locate one prior to your session, you must arrive early to your session to connect with your AV tech to transfer your presentation to them. [more] Outstanding Access Issues with Hubb In Accessibility, Hybrid Conference April 29, 2022 While accessibility concerns played a huge role in choosing the digital platform for CHI 2022 and the accessibility chairs working tirelessly with Hubb to improve their system, we have not managed to have all identified issues ready in time for the conference. We do continue to check for and identify issues, and also improve the system where we can—please let us know if you encounter errors. We present here the list of outstanding issues so that attendants may identify how this potentially impacts their participation and contact the accessibility chairs to identify possible work-arounds. [more] Hero Sponsor Champion Sponsors Contributing Sponsors See all CHI 2022 sponsors © 2023 ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems Powered by WordPress To the top ↑ Up ↑