Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About History In 1979, Georgia Tech created the Office of Minority Educational Development (OMED). Over four decades, OMED has demonstrated outstanding success. Our second decade saw a paradigm shift. Focusing on how gifted our students were – else they would not have been accepted into Georgia Tech – we began to raise expectations for student performance. We directed our attention toward the educational process and became OMED: Educational Services. We have adopted a data-driven, quality approach toward the business of education with students being identified as “customers.” In 2019, we launched our 3rd shift under the new leadership of Georgia Tech alumna, Dr. Sybrina Atwaters. We have broadened the scope and impact of our research, services, and programs to serve the ever-growing and more diverse Georgia Tech Student population. Our holistic approach to student success and development has garnered over several Insitute-wide initiatives bringing together academic, student life, career, financial aid, and community to serve greater higher educational aims of diversity, equity, and inclusion. A diverse workplace can only be achieved and maintained by a commitment to innovative and sound philosophies that strategically produce successful sustained partnerships and academic performance. History Timeline: 1975 Ad-hoc committee organized to address concerns about the academic and social success of minority students. Dr. Wilmer Grant is appointed lead. The committee leads to the formation of OMED. 1979 Georgia Tech creates OMED, the unit charged with the retention and development of traditionally underrepresented students: African American/Black, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, multicultural. Dr. Thomas Parker is founding director. 1980 The first Challenge program was held. In the mid to late 80’s, Dr. William Gamble becomes director of OMED. In addition to Challenge, leadership retreats, Academic Survival Workshop, Minority Orientation Week, and Student Assistant Volunteers (SAV) are key OMED programs. 1992 OMED launches Group counselors program which becomes the Team Coach program (1993) and later becomes the Edge Peer Mentoring Program (2015). 1993 Dr. Gavin Samms, GT alumnus, is officially hired as director of OMED. OMED reports under the President’s office. 1994 OMED launches Academic Support/Tutoring Services for matriculation students. Transitions (an orientation program for incoming dual-degree, transfer, and graduate students) is created. 1995 Tower Awards is created to recognize underrepresented minority undergraduate students earning a 3.0 or above GPA. Currently (2021) Tower Awards recognizes underrepresented minority undergraduate students earning a 3.3 or above GPA and graduate students earning a 3.5 or above GPA at completion of their degree program. 1998 S. Gordon Moore Jr., GT alumnus, is appointed director of OMED. 2008 Coordination of Focus, an Institute-wide recruitment program to attract the nation’s top talent from diverse backgrounds to purse graduate studies and careers in academia, is moved to OMED. 2011 Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI). Dr. Archie Ervin is appointed the first African American vice president for IDEI. OMED is moved under IDEI. OMED is awarded an AAMI grant by the University System of Georgia to launch GT-PRIME (AAMI program at Georgia Tech). 2012 Cynthia Moore becomes the first woman hired as director of OMED. 2016 Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion renovates the Chapin building were OMED is housed, and establishes the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion (CSDI) at Chapin. S. Gordon Moore Jr. is hired as executive director of CSDI. 2019 Dr. Sybrina Atwaters, GT alumna, is hired as director of OMED. WOCI (Women of Color Initiative) is established. 2020 Peer-I-Scope program is launched to serve Achieve Atlanta Scholars, Atlanta Public School graduates, and transfer students from HBCU’s and other minority serving institutions matriculating at Georgia Tech. OMED’s Academic Empowerment and Impact Grants and Awards are launched. 2021 Career Alliance, a strategic alliance between OMED and Georgia Tech Career Center, is established to strengthen and advance experiential learning experiences (co-ops, internships, job shadowing, undergraduate research, study abroad) equitably for all students. *Timeline data sources: Georgia Tech Onyx Yearbook, Oral history archives, OMED Brochure archives, past director interview transcripts, personell records. The Chapin Building has housed OMED: Educational Services since 1979. Recently renovated, the Chapin Building is located on 681 Cherry Street NW, Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0600. Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login