Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Undergraduate Minors Undergraduate Minors STEM-centered students often find amazing variety in music; it's no wonder there's a long and proud tradition of music at Georgia Tech. Our school welcomes students from all majors on campus to pursue one of our minors -- due to overwhelming demand, we are currently limited to a very small amount of new students per year. Our Minors We offer a Minor in Music with General Emphasis and a Minor in Music Technology. The Minor in Music with General Emphasis blends music technology classes with experience playing in a musical ensemble, while the Minor in Music Technology focuses solely on classes in the music technology track. If you choose the Minor in Music with General Emphasis, you must choose a concentration in either vocal or instrumental music. To better understand the difference between our two minors, refer to the reference materials below. Minor in Music with General Emphasis Minor in Music with General Emphasis Written application - No formal audition required Two courses from the list below: MUSI 2010 Fundamentals of Musicianship I MUSI 2011 Fundamentals of Musicianship II MUSI 2525 Intro to Audio Tech I MUSI 22526 Intro to Audio Tech II 3-4 credit hours of Music Ensemble at the 3000 level 2-5 credit hours of Music Technology at the 3000/4000 level Minor in Music Technology Minor in Music Technology Written application - No formal audition required Two courses from the list below: MUSI 2010 Fundamentals of Musicianship I MUSI 2011 Fundamentals of Musicianship II MUSI 2525 Intro to Audio Tech I MUSI 2526 Intro to Audio Tech II 9 credit hours of Music Technology at the 3000 level Requirements for a School of Music Minor You must be a full-time Georgia Tech student. You should have completed at least one semester at Georgia Tech, or one transferred from another institution. You should apply for the Music Minor Program with more than three semesters remaining in your major degree program, or before you graduate. Scheduling and Curriculum Guidance Each minor is 15 credit hours. You must indicate which minor you are taking on your official transcript. No more than three hours of special topics can be counted toward a music minor. Ensemble courses that are used to satisfy the humanities credit cannot be counted toward the music minor. No more than three hours of transfer credits can be counted toward a music minor. Applying for a Minor Applications for all music minors are due on February 15 each calendar year. We strongly recommend contacting the Music Minor Coordinator, Benjamin Diden, before applying. For any questions or to schedule an appointment, he can be reached by phone at (404) 894-8951 or by email at benjamin.diden@music.gatech.edu. Application forms are linked at the bottom of this page, and hard copies can be found in Room 109 of the Couch building. All forms must be submitted by email as a PDF. Your application must include: A completed Music Minor Application form. The form requires a current resume of musical activities, awards, repertoire list, and previous instructors. A current transcript. Application Materials Music Technology Minor Application form Interested in a Minor in Music Technology? Get started here. General Music Minor Application Interested in a Minor in General Music? Get started here. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in