Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home CSDI Corporate Partnership Program Financial Support is essential to sustaining units and programs designed to engage students, and set strategies that affect academic success, provide enrichment activities, and increase personal development. Center for Student Diversity, and Inclusion Corporate Partner Program The Center for Student Diversity, and Inclusion, or CSDI, welcomes donations from corporations, foundations and individuals. These financial contributions provide vital resources to assist our student body in several ways. These donations offer essential support for students served by the Center for Student Diversity, and Inclusion. Academic programming, and an enhanced learning environment are some of the principal ways that these monies are used to provide students with opportunities that are essential to their academic and professional success in today's constantly-changing, educational and corporate environments. The purpose of the CSDI Corporate Partner Program is to financially support CSDI’s student programs and initiatives for African-American, Latinx, Native American, and Multi-Racial students. These initiatives help students amplify their impact by being champion innovators who lead by example. Participating companies can champion their commitment to diversity efforts and academic excellence through their support of CSDI. Students connect Corporate Partners' and Sponsors' brands with CSDI and are provided with a direct avenue to scholarship, internship, co-op, and full-time opportunities. The CSDI Corporate Partner Program provides direct access to the minority student population at Georgia Tech. CSDI provides corporate sponsors with a high-level of visibility on our website, within our offices, and through our formal and informal communication with students. CSDI also assists with managing corporate sponsorship of African-American and Latinx student organizations. Corporate Partners attend and help sponsor OMED’s Tower Awards, an annual ceremony designed to recognize and reaffirm students’ academic achievements. During this event, companies are highlighted for their support and can interact with faculty, staff, students, and their families. CSDI works with local, national, and international corporations to obtain support for our programs. Our various levels of sponsorship are outlined here. Sponsorship Details For more information about the benefits of being a CSDI Corporate Supporter and the sponsorship program, please click the learn more box below. Learn more For More Information Contact: Rob Rogers Corporate Relations Manager 404.894.2525 rob.rogers@gatech.edu Advocate Level Partner Level Sponsor Level Supporter Level CSDI Executive Director Fund Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login