Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About Overview As part of Institute Diversity’s Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, OMED: Educational Services is charged with the retention and development of traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. However, our programs and initiatives are open to all Georgia Tech students. Mission: To develop highly-skilled learners and leading contributors from ethnically diverse backgrounds, empowered to address the most critical problems of our time. Vision: To be a national leader in advancing diverse, equitable, and inclusive education programs and services by cultivating a culture of academic and inclusive excellence, empowering students from all backgrounds to address global issues and enhance the human condition through technological innovation. Awards and Recognitions OMED offers the following awards and recognitions: Tower Awards – An annual ceremony that celebrates the academic achievements of underrepresented minority students who have achieved a 3.15 GPA or higher. OMED Programs Quick Links AAMI AAMI (African-American Male Initiative) is a University System of Georgia initiative. At Georgia Tech, AAMI is designed around five dimensions of development: Purpose and Ambition, Identity Bonding, Mentoring and Modeling, Visionary Leadership, and Social Engagement. More Academic Support In-person tutoring services available Monday - Thursday from 4:00 - 8:00 p.m. Please stay tuned for tutoring updates and additional hours of availability! More Career Pathway The Career Pathway program is designed to advance equity in employment and experiential learning opportunities for all Georgia Tech students. More Welcome Carnival While enjoying food, fun, and music, students have the opportunity to engage OMED Academic Support Staff, Edge leaders, student organizations, and others to help them quickly gain a diverse academic and social network. More Challenge Challenge is OMED’s signature summer five-week academic residential program for incoming first-year students. More Edge Edge is a peer-mentoring program designed to support incoming first time students – during their first year at Georgia Tech. More Focus Focus is one of the nation’s premier programs for raising awareness of graduate education. It is designed to attract highly skilled students who have historically been underrepresented in higher education and encourage them to pursue graduate degrees, hopefully at Georgia Tech.. More Graduate Student Resource Hub The Graduate Student Resource Hub contains informative content for prospective and current graduate students.. More Peer-I-scope OMED's newest peer collaborative to support Achieve Atlanta scholars (all years), APS students, and transfer students (particularly from HBCU's and community colleges). More Transitions The Transitions program enables incoming graduate students and dual-degree/transfer students to learn about opportunities for engagement with OMED and its various initiatives. Hear from and network with current URM graduate students. More WOCI OMED's Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) is aimed to enhance the advancement of women in industry, research, and higher education through targeted research-based strategies. WOCI also has a WOC City-wide Collaborative in Higher Education component which is a partnership with Emory, Georgia Tech, Spelman, and STEM Atlanta Women. More Overview Brochure Download News OMED Receives Grant to Create Equitable Outcomes in Education and Employment Juneteenth Celebration to be Held on June 17 The Office of Minority Educational Development and Student Diversity Programs will host the second annual Juneteenth Celebration on Friday, June 17 from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the GT Connector. Georgia Tech's Focus Program Celebrates 30th Anniversary Focus is a four-day graduate recruitment program that invites the best and brighest students from underrepresented groups to Georgia Tech's campus to learn about graduate education and careers in research or academia. 28th Annual Tower Awards Celebrates Student Achievement The Tower Awards are held each year to celebrate the academic achievements of students from historically underrepresented groups. More than 1,800 students were academically eligible for a Tower Award in 2022. OMED, AAMI Host Third Annual Academic Empowerment Fair at Georgia Tech OMED: Educational Services and the African-American Male Initiative (AAMI) at Georgia Tech hosted its 2020 Academic Empowerment Fair on February 13, with support by almost a dozen Institutional departments, 20 campus organizations, 30 advisor and alumni volunteers, and corporate sponsors. Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login