Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Photo: College of Design High Performance Building Lab High Performance Building Lab The High Performance Building Lab (HPBL) is a convergent assemblage of research groups housed in the School of Architecture, College of Design at Georgia Tech. Our goal is to disruptively transform design analysis of existing and new energy flows, in and in-between buildings. We operate at the scale of architecture, urban design, and planning practices through applied research, and by developing sustainable design workflows and metrics. The HPBL attracts qualified students with a background in architecture, design, and technology, and/or engineering. The focus is on the development and application of advanced design technology for the built environment. Students take basic courses in architecture, energy, and the environment, as well as electives in engineering disciplines, along with courses that apply these subjects to buildings. We aim to continuously contribute to the rigorous exploration of sustainability in architecture and inventing the next state of the art in building technology. HPBL Curriculum Research Groups Aerial Diagnostics Focusing on the use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles for analytical applications in the built environment. Building Science Concentrating on the interdisciplinary research of physical phenomena in the built environment. Living Systems Investigating various active architectural systems that can be integrated on or within the building envelope. Natural Lighting Investigating the art & science of adding daylighting techniques to enhance indoor built environment experiences. Neighborhood Analytics Exploring how we discuss & understand the performance of urban territories, their structures, and inhabitants. Performance Informatics Investigating representations of built environment interrelated and nested data. Select Peer-reviewed Journal Publications Bayomi, N., Nagpal, S., Rakha, T., and Fernandez, J. (2020) “Building Envelope Modeling Calibration using Aerial Thermography,” Energy and Buildings, 110648. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.enbuild.2020.110648 El Masri, Y. and Rakha, T., “A scoping review of non-destructive testing (NDT) techniques in building performance diagnostic inspections.” Construction and Building Materials, 265, 1205422 https://doi.org/10.1016/j.conbuildmat.2020.120542 Rakha, T., & El Kontar, R. (2019). Community energy by design: A simulation-based design workflow using measured data clustering to calibrate Urban Building Energy Models (UBEMs). Environment and Planning B: Urban Analytics and City Science, 46(8), 1517-1533. https://doi.org/10.1177/2399808319841909 Rakha, T., & Gorodetsky, A. (2018). Review of Unmanned Aerial System (UAS) applications in the built environment: Towards automated building inspection procedures using drones. Automation in Construction, 93, 252-264. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.autcon.2018.05.002 Select Peer-reviewed Conference Publications El Masri, Y and Rakha, T. (2020) “Review of Non-Destructive Techniques (NDTs) for Building Diagnostic Inspections” In Proceedings of the 2020 Building Performance Analysis Conference and SimBuild, 29 September – 01 October, Chicago: USA (Virtual). Panagoulia, E. and Rakha, T. (2020) “Performance Analytics through Building Information Modelling (BIM) in Retrofitting Design: Towards a Graph-based Data-to-Decisions Framework” In Proceedings of In Proceedings of the 35th International Conference on Passive and Low Energy Architecture (PLEA), 1-3 September, A Coruña: Spain (Virtual). Pilet, T. and Rakha, T. (2020) “A Building Envelope Characterization Workflow for In-Situ Thermal Performance Assessment” In Proceedings of the 2020 Building Performance Analysis Conference and SimBuild, 29 September – 01 October, Chicago: USA (Virtual). Sherif, T. and Rakha, T. (2020) “Simulating False Sensing Impacts for Diverse Occupancy Patterns and Behaviors on Heating and Cooling Energy Consumption in US Residential Buildings.” In Proceedings of the 2020 Building Performance Analysis Conference and SimBuild, 29 September – 01 October, Chicago: USA (Virtual). Teaching: A Process of Learning by Doing Learning is the essence of advancement, and for the training of built environment students in advanced environmental systems and studios the HPBL envisions a classroom that is neither static nor unidirectional; it is an accessible, interactive and open-sourced “living lab.” We employ state-of-the-art simulation tools we develop and use in research to be used by students as a means for understanding building performance. Attending a research university, such as Georgia Tech, gives the students a chance to be at the heart of knowledge as it unfolds, and that is why we aim to integrate research concerns into courses: to enrich the process of learning, and put students at the forefront of discovery. The HPBL participates in variety of studios, courses and seminars at Georgia Tech, including courses such as: Nourhan Elsayed, Devanshi Kesaria and Arti Verma ARCH 6072 Design + Research Studio: Students in the HPB MS in Architecture program collaborate with design students by employing state-of-the-art environmental performance simulation tools to inform their collaborative designs. The design and performance integration happen through the use of advanced, research-based frameworks as experiential learning methods that enhance energy and comfort in built environment design. Hala Alfalih, Erin Heidelberger and Vitor Leite ARCH 6226 Building Physics Modeling: This course teaches how Building Performance Simulation (BPS) informs sustainable and energy efficient architectural design. For fall 2020, we focused on developing simulations for underrepresented communities and built environment vulnerabilities, as our contribution to a scholastic discourse for justice and equity. Natalia Chavez, Niket Joshi, Sevda Babalou ARCH 6241 Building Simulation in Design Practice: Practitioners are invited to teach this course that builds up the theoretical and practical understanding of collaborative multi-performance building analysis in design practice. For spring 2020, instructors from Perkins+Will taught computational techniques to help designers generate a large space of design options, simulate a variety of building performances, and make informed design decisions in a systematic framework. Quoted Journals and Conferences ARCH 6226 Inquiry in Building Performance: This course introduces students to the methods and background for conducting advanced investigations in the field of high performance built environments. The outcome of such inquiry is a comprehensive literature review research paper focusing on a topic of interest of the individual student’s choice within the realm of building performance research. Community Current and past students in the HPBL have been typically enrolled in the MS and PhD programs in Architecture at Georgia Tech. However, research synergies with the BSArch, MArch and MSUD can be (and are continuously) established. For information about joining the HPBL, please contact the lab director. Email Lab Director Lab Director: Dr. Tarek Rakha Dr. Rakha leads the lab as an architect, building scientist, and educator who is passionate about built environment performance. His research is funded by entities such as the United States Department of Energy (DOE), the National Science Foundation (NSF), and the Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E). He was recognized by the International Building Performance Simulation Association – USA (IBPSA-USA) through the Emerging Contributor award. Dr. Rakha was also recognized as an educator by the institute’s Student Recognition of Excellence in Teaching: Class of 1934 Award. He serves on the board of the International Symposium on Simulation in Architecture and Urban Design (SimAUD). Before joining Georgia Tech in 2019, Dr. Rakha earned his Ph.D. from MIT and was architectural design and building technology faculty at Syracuse University. Faculty Profile Ph.D. Students and Post-Doctoral Associates Kaiwen Chen, Ph.D. Yasser El Masri, M.S. Eleanna Panagoulia, M.Arch Tyler Pilet, BSME M.S. and B.S. in Architecture Students Hala Alfalih, B.Arch Erin Heidelberger, B.Arch Riwayat Katia, B.S. in Architecture Student Vitor Leite, BS CEE High Performance Building Alumni Jayati Chhabra, M.S. Nourhan El Sayed, M.S. Madison Prince, M.S. Deva Shree Saini, M.S. Tarek Sherif, M.S. Distinguished Georgia Tech Alumni in HPB Credit: Sandeep Ahuja Sandeep Ahuja WELL AP, LEED AP BD+C, MS ’14 and Patrick Chopson AIA, MS ’14, co-founders of Cove.tool, the sustainable building design and energy modeling software platform. Credit: Harvard University Dr. Ali Malkawi, PhD ’94, Professor of Architectural Technology at the Harvard Graduate School of Design and founding director of the Harvard Center for Green Buildings and Cities (CGBC). Credit: SimAUD 2019 Dr. Roya Rezaee CPHC, LEED AP, PhD ’16, Co-director of the Energy Lab at Perkins&Will. HPBL in the News Team Cattlyst Finalists in ULI Hines Competition Georgia Tech architecture, business, and civil engineering students were selected as finalists in the ULI Hines Competition. Dr. Tarek Rakha Named HPBL Director Assistant Professor Tarek Rakha is the new director of the High Performance Building Lab. HPBL Drone Research Collaboration CONECTech Lab and the HPBL to perform critical infrastructure assessment research funded by the Georgia DOT. HPBL Awarded $1.4 Million by U.S. DOE Our research team will develop drone-based diagnostics technology in a three-year project called AirBEM. Students Win Competition Our architecture students won two awards in the international HERE+NOW competition, first prize and honorable mention. Research Community Celebrates Simulation The SimAUD conference returned to the United States and was hosted at Georgia Tech. Tech Team Wins Prize in DoE's Solar Decathlon An interdisciplinary Tech team won first place in the net-zero energy, urban single-family home category at the event. Built Environment Experts Assemble Built environment experts from across the globe will be on campus April 7 – 9, 2019 for the 10th annual SimAUD conference. Follow Us on Social Media! You can find the HPBL on social media, including LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in