Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Building Construction College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Alumni Engagement History Support the School Academics Bachelor of Science in Building Construction Undergraduate Certificate in Construction Management Master of Science in Building Construction and Facility Management Master of Real Estate Development Professional Master's in Occupational Safety and Health (Online) Ph.D. in Building Construction Future Students Pre-College Summer Camp Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Scholarships and Fellowships International Students Current Students Industry Relations Research Economics of the Sustainable Built Environment Smart Built Environment Eco-System (Smart Bees) Lab People News and Events Open Search Search We Shape the Future of Construction We Shape the Future of Construction We see construction as the integrating discipline that brings together owners, developers, architects, engineers, technology experts, suppliers, facility managers, and occupants for the purpose of co-creating a harmonized and sustainable built environment. About the School Our Degrees Bachelor of Science in Building Construction MSBCFM Master of Real Estate Development PMOSH Ph.D. in Building Construction Building Construction Students Fall Forward, Win Big Last year, Georgia Tech came in last place at the Regional ASC student competition. Last week, their team (aptly named, “Burdell Construction”) won first place in the design-build division of the ASC Southeast Region Student Competition. Find out how their team coach and a revitalized Bachelor of Science in Building Construction Program helped them win. Read the full story Industry Relations The School of Building Construction at Georgia Tech is exceptionally fortunate to be connected to the national and international community of General Contractors, Specialty Contractors, Program Managers, Facility Managers, Real Estate Developers, and others. With guidance from an actively engaged Advisory Board and new traditions to celebrate, our students reap the benefits of alumni mentors, networking at our career fair, and a generous fellowship. Learn more through the links below! Advisory Board Annual Banquet Students Discuss Their First Year of BSBC Our Undergraduate student ambassadors tell us what they thought about their first year as Bachelor of Science in Building Construction majors. The degree was reactivated in 2020 and classes began in 2021. Our Undergraduate Building Construction Degree BSBC Brings a Robot to the Wreck Parade Latest News Mehdi Nourbakhsh in 40 Under 40 Georgia Tech Hosts ASC Supply Chain Disruptions in Building/Construction Industry BSBC Alumna Named Outstanding Young Alumni BC Undergraduates Bring Robot to Wreck Parade Give 'Em Hell, Caddell Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in