Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Research Research The School of Music incorporates Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology research into all our degree programs. Every student majoring in music technology is also a researcher, collaborating with our faculty on groundbreaking topics within the center's labs: GTCMT Website Student Research Showcase Computational and Cognitive Musicology The Computational and Cognitive Musicology group aims to answer questions about musical structure and organization, and how people respond to those structures, using scientific methodology. We build user-friendly technologies to assist scholars, educators, and music lovers. Visit Cognitive Musicology at GTCMT. Computational Music for All Enables mass-audience participation in live concert performances through real-time music notation systems, connecting the audience to the performer. This research also develops transformative technologies for music education for STEAM (STEM + Arts) classrooms and studies the impact of music, technology, and creativity on the ways people learn. Visit Computational Music for All at GTCMT. Music Informatics Teaches computers to listen to and understand music, incorporating a variety of topics from the fields of audio content analysis and music processing. It includes such tasks as transcribing musical scores, identifying instruments, or automatically assessing music performances. Visit Music Informatics at GTCMT. Robotic Musicianship Researches methods of creating meaningful musical interactions between humans and machines, through novel experiences and outcomes. This work combines the emotion and expression of human musicians with the power processing and note accuracy of robotics. Visit Robotic Musicianship at GTCMT. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in