Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Instrument Locker Rentals Instrument Locker Rentals Georgia Tech ensemble members can purchase instrument locker access on a semesterly basis. We offer various locker dimensions based on the size and shape of your instrument. Purchasing & Pricing We charge a $15.00 fee per semester per locker. Before purchasing a locker, measure the dimensions of your instrument while it is inside its case. The locker purchase page contains the dimensions of each locker so you can be sure your instrument will fit. Students with instruments that cannot be fit into conventional lockers will need to purchase Outer Props access. Please be aware that you may need to share outer props space due to high demand. For any technical issues with the purchasing website, please contact helpdesk@design.gatech.edu. For all other inquiries, please email questions@music.gatech.edu Rules Always keep your locker secured, even if it is empty. Do NOT store food or drinks in your locker under any circumstance. Personal locks are not allowed on our music lockers at any time. You will be issued the combination to the existing lock on your locker. If the assigned lock is lost for any reason, you will be charged a replacement fee of $15.00. At the end of every semester, you should have your locker cleaned of your belongings no later than the last day of final exams. The School of Music is not responsible for anything left in your locker. Sharing your locker with any student who hasn’t purchased access is strictly prohibited. Every student using the locker room and a locker must pay for access without exception. Purchase Access Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in