Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Welcome to the School of Music Welcome to the School of Music Music is part of what it means to be at Georgia Tech -- and has been since 1906. We have ensembles for every level and style of musical interest. But we take music and technology to their limits: build your musical and technical education from the ground up by joining our Bachelor's, Master's, or Ph.D. program in Music Technology. We’re dedicated to making our performances, programs, and research bigger and better every year. We invite you to come be a part of it. Learn more about the School History Georgia Tech music has evolved from the Ramblin’ Wreck tradition to cutting edge technological research. Chair's Welcome Our chair, Jason Freeman, describes how music plays an important role in the culture and academics of Georgia Tech. Support the School Make an important impact on a student’s education or the entire School of Music with your contribution. Equity in Music Tech Read how the School of Music works to create a more equitable and inclusive future within music and music technology. Academic Programs Our students cultivate their musicianship while learning engineering, computing, psychology, and design skills. This helps them envision new ways of creating, performing, and analyzing music. Undergraduate, graduate, and Ph.D. music technology students work directly with our professors to develop new technologies that redefine how we create, consume, and define music. Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Master of Science in Music Technology PhD in Music Technology Ensembles Our ensembles unite students from every major at Georgia Tech. Each of our ensembles is composed of a diverse group of intelligent, hardworking students with a passion for music. Our ensemble directors are well respected in their fields, and are adept at choosing engaging, enjoyable pieces of music for each semester’s concerts. Our Ensembles Listen to Our Ensembles Stay up to date with the School Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Join our Mailing List Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in