Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech School of Music Presents: Revive Georgia Tech School of Music Presents: Revive Thursday, September 22, 2022 7:30pm Ferst Center for the Arts Chaowen Ting, Conductor Matthew Wardell, Conductor With the support of the Cultural Office of the Embassy of Spain in Washington, DC. Program Laura Ballestrino (b. 2000) Archaelund: The Orchestral Suite (2022) I. Archaelund II. The city of Port Galeb III. Harlain Plains IV. First blood V. Urendale VI. Finale [world premiere] Ludwig van Beethoven (1770-1827) Laura Ballestrino, piano Piano Concerto No. 4 in G major, Op. 58 (1805-06) I. Allegro non troppo II. Andante con moto III. Rondo (Vivace) Jean Sibelius (1865-1957) Symphony No. 1 in E minor, Op. 39 (1899) I. Andante, ma non troppo - Allegro energico II. Andante (ma non troppo lento) III. Scherzo: Allegro IV. Finale: Andante - Allegro molto - Andante assai - Allegro molto come prima - Andante (ma non troppo) Laura Ballestrino Composer Bio Laura Ballestrino (2000) is a pianist and composer from Madrid, Spain. Laura started playing piano at the age of 4 and now she is one of the great promises of classical music in Spain, awarded with many prizes at prestigious competitions such as the First Prize at Juventudes Musicales de España and the Spanish Music Prize at Concurso Internacional de Piano Compositores de España among others. She has performed at some of the most important concert halls around the country including Auditorio Nacional de Música and Teatro Monumental, but also abroad like Solitär concert hall at Universität Mozarteum, Salzburg. Beyond her career as a classical pianist, Laura works as the composer and producer of the Original Soundtrack of the upcoming videogame Archaelund. Besides, she composes and performs original jazz-fusion music for piano. At the age of 15, Laura made her debut as a soloist performing Piano Concerto nº 20 by W.A. Mozart. She graduated with the End-of-Degree Extraordinary Prize in Conservatorio Rodolfo Halffter under the tutelage of María García and obtained her Bachelor’s Degree at Real Conservatorio Superior de Música de Madrid with piano Prof. Elena Orobio. Since 2019, Laura studies with the pianist and pedagogue Leonel Morales and currently pursues her Master’s Degree with him thanks to the scholarship that Universidad Alfonso X has granted her. Laura often broadens her education receiving masterclasses from renowned pianists and also takes advanced courses in many areas such as interpretation, composition, improvisation and jazz, both nationally and abroad: Universität Mozarteum (Salzburg), Escuela de Música Creativa (Madrid), Berklee College of Music (Valencia), etc. Among her future projects are the national tour États d’âme and a concert as soloist with the Orquesta Radio Televisión Española for the spring of 2023. Program Notes - Archaelund Suite Archaelund is an unexplored land of mystery, magic and adventure. In this six-movement suite we will listen to some of the themes from the Original Soundtrack of Archaelund, an upcoming role-playing videogame developed by an independent studio. This orchestral arrangement has been composed to be world-premiered by the Georgia Tech Symphony Orchestra. Ensemble Members Violin I Dalton Yu, Concertmaster Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, 4th year Jennifer Deng, Assistant Concertmaster Computer Science, 3rd year Felix Pei Electrical Engineering, 4th year Nathan Lin Computer Science, 1st year Banglue Wei Aerospace Engineering, 2nd year Julia Fleischman Environmental Engineering, 1st year Kevin Li Electrical Engineering, 4th year Daeyong Kwon Computer Science, 1st year Joshua Sampson Computer Science, 1st year Nikhil Damani Computer Engineering, 4th year Raymond Jia Computer Engineering, 1st year masters An Vu Computer Science, 1st year Adrian Cheung Computer Science, 1st year Archishma Goli Computer Science, 1st year Violin II Eric Shao, Principal Aerospace Engineering, 3rd year Jonathan Shi Music Technology, 1st year Madison Park Mechanical Engineering, 2nd year Harold Graney Green Computer Science, 3rd year Jerry Xiong Computer Science, 2nd year Alexander Hom Mechanical Engineering, 2nd year Arvind Ramaswami Computer Science, 2nd year masters Emily Primmer Biology, 3rd year Rachel Kim Computer Science, 1st year Alex Wang Computer Science, 1st year Ethan Li Computer Science, 1st year Sohum Gala Computer Science, 4th year Viola Ivy Xue, Principal Neuroscience, 3rd year Emily Liu Aerospace Engineering, 4th year Ayush Narain Computer Science, 1st year Emma Axelson Civil Engineering/Applied Languages and Intercultural Studies German, 5th year Esha Sringeri Neuroscience, 1st year Michelle Wang Computer Science, 3rd year Nicholas Chang Computer Science, 1st year Cello Peter Gardner, Principal Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, 3rd year Sebastian Brumm Computer Science, 1st year masters Sean Yoshihara Computer Science, 1st year Patrick Kim Computer Science, 2nd year Benjamin Borthwick Computer Science, 2nd year Sunhyuk Lee Finance, 1st year PhD Sergey Blinov Physics/Math, 2nd year Bass Eric Shute, Principal Mechanical Engineering, 4th year Atharva Gujrathi Aerospace Engineering, 1st year Flute Naveen Madhavan ^~ Biomedical Engineering, 2nd year Vu Nguyen * Computer Science, 1st year Ama Maiki ^~ Environmental Engineering, 4th year Oboe Oliver Long ^ Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, 2nd year Anthony Otlowski *~ Aerospace Engineering, 2nd year Clarinet Nathan Duggal ~ Nathan Duggal ~ Computer Science, 1st year Kevin Li *^ Mechanical Engineering, 1st year Bassoon Lixin Zheng *~ Mathematics, 3rd year Vishaal Kareti ^ Computer Science, 2nd year Horn Alex Bendeck ^ Computer Science, 2nd year PhD Satoshi Matsumura Visiting scholar (PhD in Civil and Environmental Engineering) Matthew Reingold *~ Materials Science and Engineering, 4th year Cameron Bryant -- Trumpet Camryn Aguilar *^ Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, 1st year Matthew Liu ~ Civil Engineering, 4th year Daniel Hudadoff Electrical and Computer Engineering, 2nd year masters Trombone Tony Qin ~ Mathematics, 1st year Justin Zandstra * Mathematics, 4th year Eli Corley Computer Engineering, 2nd year Tuba Alexander Coles Industrial Engineering, 2nd year Timpani/Percussion Matthew Wardell -- Dakota Basista Aerospace Engineering, 1st year Scott Douglas -- Harp Julie Koenig Denotes principal player: *Ballestrino, ^Beethoven, ~Sibelius On mobile devices, scroll to the left to view full table contents. Upcoming Concerts All School of Music concerts are free and open to the public! September 26, 2022 Echoes from Ibero-America Award-Winning pianist Laura Ballestrino September 28, 2022 Concert Band & Symphonic Band Fall Concert Georgia Tech Concert and Symphonic Bands September 29, 2022 Beyond Georgia Tech Orchestra and Jazz Ensemble View our full concert schedule Georgia Tech School of Music Through interdisciplinary degree programs, outstanding performance ensembles, and innovative research endeavors, the Georgia Tech School of Music cultivates a rich legacy of musical traditions and develops cutting-edge technologies to help define music's future. The School serves students in bachelors, masters, and doctoral programs in music technology and offers innovative performance opportunities, courses, and cultural and artistic experiences for students throughout the Institute. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in