Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion The School of Music community of faculty, staff, and students aspires to create and nurture an environment that is supportive of all backgrounds; an environment where different views and ideas are respected and encouraged. In all our pursuits, we commit to justice, diversity, equity, and inclusion with regard to race, national origin, language, age, sexual orientation, gender, religion, and ability. Moreover, we encourage intellectual inquiry and respectful exchange that cements our dedication to these principles. Learn about some of the initiatives guided by School of Music faculty, staff, and students to create a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive future for music and music technology. Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Women in Music Technology Women in Music Technology is a student organization founded in 2016, whose vision is to bring more women into the program. Recruitment and promotion of women’s work are therefore at the core of their mission. To get a more balanced set of applicants, WiMT is taking an active part in all the channels of recruitment and promotion of the Music Technology program. They also organize concerts, networking events, high school outreach activities, and communication actions. Learn More Visit the WiMT Facebook Girls Who Conduct Girls Who Conduct, founded by our director of orchestral studies, Chaowen Ting, is an initiative created in 2020 to empower and encourage the upcoming generation of women, women-identifying, and non-binary conductors by providing a program for training, mentorship, and camaraderie in order to foster diversity and inclusion in classical music. Learn More In the News Your Voice is Power A collaboration between Georgia Tech, Amazon, and Pharrell Williams that inspires K-12 students to explore the ways music, computer science, and entrepreneurship can be tools to advance racial equity. Learn more The Cartography Project The Kennedy Center and the Washington National Opera have commissioned Brittney Boykin, assistant professor in the School of Music, to create a new work that “responds to extrajudicial killings that have galvanized the country” and that approaches music “as both a source of healing and as a way to open dialogue about the future of anti-racism.” Learn more How Big is Your Dream School of Music faculty and students collaborate with this organization which is devoted to promoting, educating, and developing our youth to excel and reach their dreams. Learn more Transformative Narratives School of Music students have created musical scores to accompany these powerful stories from members of the Georgia Tech community that generate social awareness, grow leadership skills, and foster belonging among faculty, students, and staff. Learn more Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in