Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Music Technology Student Showcase Music Technology Student Showcase School of Music faculty and students engage in a wide variety of research and creative work. They compose and perform music professionally, both around Atlanta and around the world. They study what steps we can take to create a future for music that is more inclusive and equitable. And they discover new ways to combine music and technology as they invent new algorithms, design new experiments, and develop new tools that transform how we create and understand music. Research Projects Our music technology students work closely with faculty and with each other to conduct a broad range of research projects. Learn more about recent work by our students. Hathaani Raghavasimhan Sankaranarayanan Santoor Bot Mohammad Jafari Visual Exploration Tool for Sheet Music Laney Light Alternative Measures Beach Clark Controlled Absorption Acoustic Panels Gus Campbell, Jordan Chatfield, Connor Dowd 3D Graphic Score Space Lauren McCall Aleatora Ian Clester Using Music to Modulate Emotional Memory Sophia Mehdizadeh Shape Song Daniel Ethridge Latent Space Regularization for Source Separation Yun-Ning (Amy) Hung Our Research Our research focuses on creating innovative musical technologies that transform the ways in which we create, experience, and learn music. Robotic Musicianship Facilitating meaningful musical interactions between humans and machines. Music Informatics Designing the next generation of intelligent music software. Computational Music for All Seeking to engage a broad and diverse public in creative and collaborative music-making. Computational and Cognitive Musicology Using scientific methodology to answer questions about how people respond to musical structure and organization. Start Your Music Technology Journey As music technologists, we are constantly inspired. Students in the Georgia Tech School of Music programs share a profound love of music and a problem-solving mindset. Our classes help them find the intersections of melody and hardware. Want to learn more? Get the inside scoop on our Guthman Musical Instrument Competition, the inventors we feature every year, and our music technology research and degree programs. Sign Up for Emails Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in