Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid Georgia Tech offers many sources of scholarships, fellowships, and financial aid for music technology students. The School of Music awards a small number of scholarships and fellowships each year to Bachelor of Science in Music Technology (BSMT) and Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students to reduce the cost of attendance. Learn more about these opportunities and other funding options below. To see the program cost and fees, please visit the Georgia Tech Bursar page. Graduate Aid Undergraduate Aid Graduate Assistantships & Fellowships Support through assistantships provide an opportunity for students to develop teaching skills on hands-on research experience in apprenticeship with a member of the faculty The School of Music offers teaching (GTA) or research (GRA) assistantships to all admitted Ph.D. students and to a limited number of Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students. Students with assistantships receive a tuition waiver and monthly stipend and work 15-20 hours per week. The School of Music follows the College of Design stipend rates as well as the guidelines for stipend levels found here: Stipends for Graduate Assistantships | Policy Library. Assistantships are determined as a part of the admissions process. Graduate Student Type College of Design Stipend Levels 2022-2023 Monthly Rates Ph.D. GRA/GTA 37.5% time = 15 hrs/week $2,170 Ph.D. GRA/GTA 50% time = 20 hrs/week $2,611 Master's GRA/GTA 37.5% time = 15 hrs/week $1,144 Master's GRA/GTA 50% time = 20 hrs/week $1,526 Additional information about graduate assistantships, fellowships, loans, and off-campus employment options is available on the Office of Graduate Studies site. For more information on demographics, admissions, and time-to-degree for doctoral students in our program, go to Doctoral Student Statistics. Enter the search criteria for Music Technology. Graduate Research Assistantships (GRA) A part-time research job held by a graduate student. To be eligible as a GRA or GTA, the student must be registered full time. Graduate Teaching Assistantships (GTA) A part-time teaching job held by a graduate student. To be eligible as a GRA or GTA, the student must be registered full time. Dean's Fellowship A one-time $10,000 fellowship awarded to an outstanding incoming graduate student each year. Careers for Music Technology Students Music technology is a rapidly expanding field, with employment opportunities at music product companies, big tech companies, startups, and media companies. Specifically graduates may work in fields like music/audio hardware design and manufacturing, music software and app development, music streaming services, consumer electronics, automotive audio, and immersive and multidimensional audio. Graduating students choose to join research labs or applied research teams in companies such as Apple, Netflix, Electronic Arts, NVIDIA, Microsoft Research, and Samsung. The School of Music supports current students entering industry by hosting recruiters and industry leaders to speak about career opportunities. Industry reaches out regularly to School of Music faculty to announce job and internship offers; these are forwarded immediately to all undergraduate and graduate students. A growing alum network connects graduates with current students. Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid The Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid (OSFA) helps students and families apply for and receive financial resources. They administer funds and programs to help students meet the educational expenses to attend Georgia Tech. They also advocate for strategic financial support for Georgia Tech students. Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid Office of International Education The Office of International Education (OIE) supports Georgia Tech’s international education and engagement goals through student and scholar mobility, on-campus internationalization, and intercultural experience. OIE collaborates with campus and partners across the world to expand the Institute's global learning and innovation network to develop cross-culturally competent, globally-minded leaders. Within OIE, International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS) serves as a resource and advocate for the large and diverse population of international students and scholars at Georgia Tech. ISSS provides a variety of support for international students holding an F visa, as well as J Exchange Visitors who are either enrolled at Georgia Tech as a non-degree seeking exchange student, degree-seeking student, student intern, short-term scholar, research scholar or professor. Financial Assistance for International Students Georgia Tech Scholarships Office of Disability Services The Office of Disability Services (ODS) collaborates with students, faculty, and staff to create a campus environment that is usable, equitable, sustainable and inclusive of all members of the Georgia Tech community. ODS has compiled a list of resources and disability related scholarships and awards. Office of International Education Administered Scholarships OIE awards numerous scholarships for students studying abroad. OIE also provides a list of external scholarships specifically for supporting a student's education abroad. Georgia Tech Alumni Association Scholarships The Georgia Tech Alumni Association offers scholarships in three categories: Geographic, Corporate, and Affinity. The GT Women Alumnae Network additionally awards scholarships to women studying at Tech. Stamps Presidential Scholarship Program Georgia Tech’s prestigious four-year, full-ride Stamps President’s Scholarship is offered annually to the top one percent of first-year students. Recipients are selected based upon holistic excellence and potential within the program’s four pillars: Scholarship, Leadership, Progress, and Service. Veterans Resource Center The Veterans Resource Center promotes student learning and development and supports degree completion for students who are veterans, military, reservist, guard members, and dependents by providing comprehensive support services that enhance and complement the academic experience. The Veterans Resource Center provides a list of internal and external military scholarships. External Scholarships and Fellowships Below is a list of scholarships and fellowships external to Georgia Tech. Many are related to music programs specifically as well diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. Incoming High School Students Diversity in Music Education Scholarship | Bold.org This scholarship is open to all minority students who are interested in, already enrolled in, or are recent graduates with a degree in the arts. Award Amount: $2,000 scholarship Great Value Colleges Music Scholarship for Black Students This scholarship is available for Black students attending or accepted at the undergraduate or graduate level who are majoring or minoring in music. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship Achieve Atlanta The Achieve Atlanta scholarship is a need-based award designed to support low-income Atlanta Public Schools (APS) students pursuing various paths after high school. Eligible students must have graduated from an APS with a cumulative, weighted GPA of at least 80. Award Amount: Up to $5,000 scholarship per year (renewable for up to four years of school) Pacific Bridge Arts | PBA | Musical Arts Scholarship 2021 Musical arts scholarship to support Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) students pursuing a degree in the musical arts, including, but not limited to: audio engineering, independent artist, instrumental performance, and musical performance. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship with Musical Arts mentorship opportunities with industry leaders and insiders Women in Music Scholarship | EDM Maniac | Bold.org The scholarship is open to all women from any field of study who are interested in or already engaged with a career in the music industry, which includes being a producer, DJ, publicist, blogger, are anything related to music and the overall industry. If you have already graduated from school and have student debt, you are eligible to apply. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship Student Scholarships | American Indian College Fund The American Indian College Fund supports American Indian and Alaska Native college students seeking technical, undergraduate and graduate degrees at tribal colleges and other nonprofit, accredited schools. Any Native American U.S. citizen that is a member or descendant of a state or federally recognized tribe with at least a 2.0 grade point average, and enrolled as a full-time student can apply for a scholarship. The Georgia Sfondouris Mitchell Endowment Fund Music & Arts Scholarships | PanHellenic Scholarships Undergraduate students of Hellenic descent who are enrolled in an accredited university in any of the 50 United States are eligible to apply. Award Amount: Each year the Foundation awards $250,000 in Scholarships. $20,000 of the $250,000 are allocated to the Music and Arts. Against The Grain Scholarships Against The Grain (ATG) awards scholarships to a select group of Asian American high school seniors, college undergraduate and graduate school students. ATG has awarded more than 55 scholarships and more than $75,000 since 2011. Financial Aid and Scholarships for Students with Disabilities | essayontime.com.au Courtesy of Essay On Time, find a list of scholarships for students with Autism, ADD/ADHD, hearing disorders, visual impairments, learning disabilities (such as dysgraphia to dyscalculia, dyslexia, and other conditions), and other disabilities. Davidson Fellows Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com The Davidson Institute for Talent Development offer yearly scholarships for outstanding young people (18 years old or younger) who have already completed a significant piece of work in science, engineering, technology, mathematics, music, literature, philosophy, or ‘outside the box.’ Award Amount: Yearly scholarships of $50,000, $25,000 and $10,000 Student Scholarships & Funds | Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta The Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta provides hundreds of scholarships each year to students through a variety of scholarship funds. Music Scholarships for 2021 | Scholarships360 Courtesy of Scholarships360, find a list of the top music scholarships for 2021. Sheddership: A Rock Scholarship | Bold.org This is a scholarship to inspire the rock star in all of us, open to anyone who loves to play music. Whether you’re just starting out or a seasoned pro, we want to hear your sound! Student musicians at every level who submit a link to an original improvised piece of music. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship | Bold.org The Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship will be awarded to a student studying in the United States, who has English as their second language. Award Amount: $3,020 scholarship Furnace Record Pressing Music to our Ears Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Applicants should be enrolled in an accredited American high school, or pursue an academic undergraduate or graduate degree at a college or university in the United States. The applicants are required to write a 500 words essay (in English) on the topic “Music is a gift shared by everyone around the world. How have you shared the gift of music with those in your family, life, and community?”. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Harriet Irsay Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Every year, the American Institute of Polish Culture offers several scholarships to American undergraduate and graduate students, preferably of Polish heritage. These are awarded to students from a variety of majors and academic disciplines, including Communication, Education, Film, Music, History, International Relations, Journalism, Liberal Arts, Polish Studies, Public Relations and Business. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship Coca-Cola Scholars Foundation The Coca-Cola Scholars Program scholarship is an achievement-based scholarship awarded to graduating high school seniors. Students are recognized for their capacity to lead and serve, as well as their commitment to making a significant impact on their schools and communities.With the 33rd class in 2021, the Foundation has provided over 6,450 Coca-Cola Scholars with more than $75 million in educational support. 150 Coca-Cola Scholars are selected each year to receive this $20,000 scholarship. The Gates Scholarship The Gates Scholarship (TGS) is a scholarship for outstanding, minority, high school seniors from low-income households. Each year, the scholarship is awarded to 300 of these student leaders, with the intent of helping them realize their maximum potential. Award Amount: Full Tuition Music Scholarships | College Magazine Courtesy of College Magazine, find a list of the top music scholarships. Undergraduate Students Diversity in Music Education Scholarship | Bold.org This scholarship is open to all minority students who are interested in, already enrolled in, or are recent graduates with a degree in the arts. Award Amount: $2,000 scholarship Great Value Colleges Music Scholarship for Black Students This scholarship is available for Black students attending or accepted at the undergraduate or graduate level who are majoring or minoring in music. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship Pacific Bridge Arts | PBA | Musical Arts Scholarship 2021 Musical arts scholarship to support Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) students pursuing a degree in the musical arts, including, but not limited to: audio engineering, independent artist, instrumental performance, and musical performance. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship with Musical Arts mentorship opportunities with industry leaders and insiders Women in Music Scholarship | EDM Maniac | Bold.org The scholarship is open to all women from any field of study who are interested in or already engaged with a career in the music industry, which includes being a producer, DJ, publicist, blogger, are anything related to music and the overall industry. If you have already graduated from school and have student debt, you are eligible to apply. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship Student Scholarships | American Indian College Fund The American Indian College Fund supports American Indian and Alaska Native college students seeking technical, undergraduate and graduate degrees at tribal colleges and other nonprofit, accredited schools. Any Native American U.S. citizen that is a member or descendant of a state or federally recognized tribe with at least a 2.0 grade point average, and enrolled as a full-time student can apply for a scholarship. The Georgia Sfondouris Mitchell Endowment Fund Music & Arts Scholarships | PanHellenic Scholarships Undergraduate students of Hellenic descent who are enrolled in an accredited university in any of the 50 United States are eligible to apply. Award Amount: Each year the Foundation awards $250,000 in Scholarships. $20,000 of the $250,000 are allocated to the Music and Arts. Against The Grain Scholarships Against The Grain (ATG) awards scholarships to a select group of Asian American high school seniors, college undergraduate and graduate school students. ATG has awarded more than 55 scholarships and more than $75,000 since 2011. Edward Hosharian Scholarship for Music Students of Armenian Descent | ListsOfScholarships.com Edward Hosharian Scholarship for Music Students of Armenian Descent is a non-profit organization which was created in honor of the late Maestro Edward Hosharian. Eligible students must be of Armenian descent, have Sophomore status, and major in music performance or composition. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship Financial Aid and Scholarships for Students with Disabilities | essayontime.com.au Courtesy of Essay On Time, find a list of scholarships for students with Autism, ADD/ADHD, hearing disorders, visual impairments, learning disabilities (such as dysgraphia to dyscalculia, dyslexia, and other conditions), and other disabilities. Davidson Fellows Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com The Davidson Institute for Talent Development offer yearly scholarships for outstanding young people (18 years old or younger) who have already completed a significant piece of work in science, engineering, technology, mathematics, music, literature, philosophy, or ‘outside the box.’ Award Amount: Yearly scholarships of $50,000, $25,000 and $10,000 Student Scholarships & Funds | Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta The Community Foundation for Greater Atlanta provides hundreds of scholarships each year to students through a variety of scholarship funds. Music Scholarships for 2021 | Scholarships360 Courtesy of Scholarships360, find a list of the top music scholarships for 2021. Sheddership: A Rock Scholarship | Bold.org This is a scholarship to inspire the rock star in all of us, open to anyone who loves to play music. Whether you’re just starting out or a seasoned pro, we want to hear your sound! Student musicians at every level who submit a link to an original improvised piece of music. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship | Bold.org The Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship will be awarded to a student studying in the United States, who has English as their second language. Award Amount: $3,020 scholarship Furnace Record Pressing Music to our Ears Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Applicants should be enrolled in an accredited American high school, or pursue an academic undergraduate or graduate degree at a college or university in the United States. The applicants are required to write a 500 words essay (in English) on the topic “Music is a gift shared by everyone around the world. How have you shared the gift of music with those in your family, life, and community?”. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Harriet Irsay Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Every year, the American Institute of Polish Culture offers several scholarships to American undergraduate and graduate students, preferably of Polish heritage. These are awarded to students from a variety of majors and academic disciplines, including Communication, Education, Film, Music, History, International Relations, Journalism, Liberal Arts, Polish Studies, Public Relations and Business. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship William R. Gard Scholarship | NAMM Foundation The William R. Gard Memorial Scholarship was established by NAMM, the National Association for Music Merchants, to encourage individuals to pursue education and careers in the music products industry. Applicants must have been employed by a NAMM member company and must be enrolled as full-time college students. Award Amount: $2,000 per academic year Music Scholarships | College Magazine Courtesy of College Magazine, find a list of the top music scholarships. Graduate Students Scholarships Diversity in Music Education Scholarship | Bold.org This scholarship is open to all minority students who are interested in, already enrolled in, or are recent graduates with a degree in the arts. Award Amount: $2,000 scholarship Great Value Colleges Music Scholarship for Black Students This scholarship is available for Black students attending or accepted at the undergraduate or graduate level who are majoring or minoring in music. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship Pacific Bridge Arts | PBA | Musical Arts Scholarship 2021 Musical arts scholarship to support Asian American, Native Hawaiian, and Pacific Islander (AANHPI) students pursuing a degree in the musical arts, including, but not limited to: audio engineering, independent artist, instrumental performance, and musical performance. Award Amount: $5,000 scholarship with Musical Arts mentorship opportunities with industry leaders and insiders Women in Music Scholarship | EDM Maniac | Bold.org The scholarship is open to all women from any field of study who are interested in or already engaged with a career in the music industry, which includes being a producer, DJ, publicist, blogger, are anything related to music and the overall industry. If you have already graduated from school and have student debt, you are eligible to apply. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship Student Scholarships | American Indian College Fund The American Indian College Fund supports American Indian and Alaska Native college students seeking technical, undergraduate and graduate degrees at tribal colleges and other nonprofit, accredited schools. Any Native American U.S. citizen that is a member or descendant of a state or federally recognized tribe with at least a 2.0 grade point average, and enrolled as a full-time student can apply for a scholarship. Against The Grain Scholarships Against The Grain (ATG) awards scholarships to a select group of Asian American high school seniors, college undergraduate and graduate school students. ATG has awarded more than 55 scholarships and more than $75,000 since 2011. Financial Aid and Scholarships for Students with Disabilities | essayontime.com.au Courtesy of Essay On Time, find a list of scholarships for students with Autism, ADD/ADHD, hearing disorders, visual impairments, learning disabilities (such as dysgraphia to dyscalculia, dyslexia, and other conditions), and other disabilities. Music Scholarships for 2021 | Scholarships360 Courtesy of Scholarships360, find a list of the top music scholarships for 2021. Sheddership: A Rock Scholarship | Bold.org This is a scholarship to inspire the rock star in all of us, open to anyone who loves to play music. Whether you’re just starting out or a seasoned pro, we want to hear your sound! Student musicians at every level who submit a link to an original improvised piece of music. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship | Bold.org The Sikdope “Music Is The Cure” Scholarship will be awarded to a student studying in the United States, who has English as their second language. Award Amount: $3,020 scholarship Furnace Record Pressing Music to our Ears Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Applicants should be enrolled in an accredited American high school, or pursue an academic undergraduate or graduate degree at a college or university in the United States. The applicants are required to write a 500 words essay (in English) on the topic “Music is a gift shared by everyone around the world. How have you shared the gift of music with those in your family, life, and community?”. Award Amount: $500 scholarship Harriet Irsay Scholarship | ListsOfScholarships.com Every year, the American Institute of Polish Culture offers several scholarships to American undergraduate and graduate students, preferably of Polish heritage. These are awarded to students from a variety of majors and academic disciplines, including Communication, Education, Film, Music, History, International Relations, Journalism, Liberal Arts, Polish Studies, Public Relations and Business. Award Amount: $1,000 scholarship William R. Gard Scholarship | NAMM Foundation The William R. Gard Memorial Scholarship was established by NAMM, the National Association for Music Merchants, to encourage individuals to pursue education and careers in the music products industry. Applicants must have been employed by a NAMM member company and must be enrolled as full-time college students. Award Amount: $2,000 per academic year Music Scholarships | College Magazine Courtesy of College Magazine, find a list of the top music scholarships. Chapter Scholarship Programs | PFLAG This scholarship will reward an outstanding LGBTQ student or straight ally and encourage them to pursue post-secondary education. Award Amount: $1,000.00 scholarship Fellowships International Fellowships | American Association of University Women : Empowering Women Since 1881 International Fellowships are awarded for full-time study or research in the United States to women who are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents. Both graduate and postgraduate studies at accredited U.S. institutions are supported. Applicants must have earned the equivalent of a U.S. bachelor’s degree by the application deadline, and must have applied to their proposed institutions of study by the time of the application. Funding: $18,000 - $30,000 P.D. Soros Fellowship for New Americans – Eligibility (pdsoros.org) The Paul & Daisy Soros Fellowships for New Americans program is intended for immigrants and children of immigrants in the United States. Applicants must be New Americans who are 30 or younger as of the application deadline, and who are planning on starting or continuing an eligible graduate degree program full-time in the United States. Applicants may apply to the Fellowship while they are applying to graduate school, or after they are already enrolled in graduate school. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in