Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Start Your Music Technology Journey Start Your Music Technology Journey Our students cultivate their musicianship while learning engineering, computing, psychology, and design skills. This helps them envision new ways of creating, performing, and analyzing music. Undergraduate, graduate, and Ph.D. music technology students work directly with our professors to develop new technologies that redefine how we create, consume, and define music. Apply as an Undergraduate Apply as a Graduate As music technologists, we are constantly inspired. Students in the Georgia Tech School of Music programs share a profound love of music and a problem-solving mindset. Our classes help them find the intersections of melody and hardware. Want to learn more? Get the inside scoop on our Guthman Musical Instrument Competition, the inventors we feature every year, and our music technology research and degree programs. Sign Up for Emails Our Degree Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology The Bachelor of Science in Music Technology degree allows for specialized concentrations in Mechanical Engineering or Electrical and Computer Engineering. The School of Music facilitates the music technology studies thread of the Computational Media computer science degree. Learn more Master of Science in Music Technology Our graduate students learn the advanced technology that creates and delivers new music while researching in one of the Center for Music Technology labs. These topics include robotics, informatics, biomedical applications, signal processing, machine learning, and cognition. Because Georgia Tech is one of the foremost technological research institutions, we are able to offer our students the opportunity to take courses and collaborate on research projects in a variety of science and engineering disciplines. Learn More Ph.D. in Music Technology Our Ph.D. students research and collaborate with faculty on topics such as interactive music, robotic musicianship, music information retrieval, mobile music, network music, and music education. They are taught to become thought leaders in their chosen field, and influence education and the industry. Learn more More Resources Music Technology Students Georgia Tech Music Technology students come from many diverse backgrounds, but come together for their shared love of music and technology. In the Music Technology degree programs, students are engaged at both an artistic and technical level. Hear from current students and alumni about their perspectives on the program and their career outcomes following graduation. Meet our Students Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid The School of Music awards a small number of scholarships and fellowships each year to Bachelor of Science in Music Technology (BSMT) and Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students to reduce the cost of attendance. Learn more about these opportunities. Learn More Academic Support Chris Moore Director of Undergraduate Programs Erin Jackson Academic Advisor Alexander Lerch Director of Graduate Programs Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in