Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services</h2> Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About OMED Jobs The job opportunities listed below are available to undergraduate and graduate students at Georgia Tech. AAMI Student Assistant(African American Male Initiative) APPLY NOW! The African-American Male Initiative (AAMI) from the University System of Georgia, also referred to as GT-PRIME at Georgia Tech, is an Institute- and state-supported program to provide academic resources, mentoring, and leadership training to support the enrollment, retention, graduation, and career placement of black males at Georgia Tech. Learn More Career Pathway Champion Applications are open This position serves as an assistant to OMED’s Corporate Relations Manager in conjunction with the OMED DEI Career Pathway Graduate Assistant, and the Career Pathway Initiative (CPI). The holder of the position will provide promotional, administrative, and event support of assigned program(s). This position will interact, support, and assist on a consistent basis with the academic and administrative management and staff with a school or center and across campus, vendors, and sponsors. Learn More Challenge Counselor Applications open February 1, 2022 Challenge is OMED’s signature academic preparation program. It is a five-week intensive program that is held every summer for incoming freshmen. In Challenge, students are immersed in the Georgia Tech environment; they live in a freshman dorm, take classes provided by Georgia Tech professors, and participate in social and academic workshops provided by upperclassmen. Challenge Counselors are a significant part of the Challenge program. Challenge Counselors reside in the dorms with Challenge participants. Challenge Counselors serve as role models, peer mentors, and campus success coaches to incoming freshmen and assistants to OMED staff throughout the five-week intensive summer program. Learn More Challenge Community Manager Applications open February 1, 2022 The Challenge Community Manager (CCM) is the primary live-in staff manager of the Challenge program residence halls and is responsible for the oversight and supervision of all Challenge Counselor duties and responsibilities. The CCM, also serves as the point of contact for all “day of” vendor relations and managing the overall participant experience in the residence hall. Additionally, the CCM is charged with providing our diverse group of students with a community in which they can live and learn comfortably and develop to their highest potential. The CCM facilitates a safe and diverse community environment conducive to academic and personal growth while reflecting the mission and philosophy of the Challenge program, the Office of Minority Educational Development, and Georgia Tech. Learn More Edge Leader Applications open February 1, 2022 Edge is a year-long peer mentoring program designed to support incoming students – both freshmen and transfers – during their first year at Georgia Tech. Incoming students are paired with a successful upperclassman, or Edge Leader, who serves as a peer mentor and offers support to help new students acclimate academically and socially during their first year. Learn More Tutor OMED Tutors are the driving force behind our broad Academic Support resources. Tutors are highly motivated graduate and undergraduate students with a desire to positively impact their campus community. OMED Tutors (or study session facilitators) work predefined hours each week, either in Clough Commons Room 277 or the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion’s Chapin Building (681 Cherry Street NW, Atlanta, GA 30332). Learn More Peer-I-Scope Ambassador Peer-I-Scope is OMED's newest peer collaborative that supports 2nd and 3rd-year students, Achieve Atlanta scholars and transfer students. Peer-I-Scope aims to assist students in thriving within the academic and cultural environments of Georgia Tech while expanding their scope of influence and inclusion. Learn More Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login