Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation OMED: Educational Services Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Brochure Calendar Overview History Meet the OMED Team Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement OMED Jobs Programs AAMI Academic Support Career Pathway Challenge (Incoming First-Year Students) Edge (First-Year Peer Mentoring) Focus Program Peer-I-Scope Transitions Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) Events Calendar Academic Empowerment Fair Fall Carnival Tower Awards Campus Partners Upcoming Events Resources GPA Planner Discrimination/Harassment Reporting Facts and Figures Graduate Student Resources Student Organizations Tutor Schedule Photo Galleries AAMI Challenge Edge Focus Program Tower Awards Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Career Pathway Program OMED Career Pathway Program The Office of Minority Educational Development (OMED) Career Pathway program is designed to advance equity in employment and experiential learning opportunities for all Georgia Tech students. This program provides a multi-tier career development strategy: -Scale partnerships with employers, alumni, and community networks accessible to students through a 3 -week career immersion program focused on applying, interviewing, and securing job offers. -Career peer-to-peer coaching and programming under AAMI, Challenge, and WOCI. -Scale work or service-based learning experiences valued by prospective employers -Enhanced career tracking and networking professional database model with Georgia Tech career service center -Establishment of a 2-year Career Alliance at Georgia Tech initiative. The Career Alliance @ Georgia Tech The Career Alliance @ Georgia Tech is an initiative designed to ensure full and equal access to career readiness experiences for all Georgia Tech students. This program augments existing efforts to prepare students for careers by providing focused support to students who have not received sustained career preparation support or have faced historical institutional barriers that hindered their full participation and preparation for success in today’s competitive job market. This effort was inspired through Georgia Tech’s participation in the Taskforce on Higher Education, where 34 academic institutions are collaborating to prepare our nation’s most vulnerable students and graduates of 2020-2023 for success and stability in the post-pandemic economy. This effort will identify and engage students to ensure they have a range of career readiness experiences including: Experiential learning opportunities such as internships, co-ops, student assistantships, and on campus employment related to their desired field Coaching, counseling, mentoring, shadowing, and networking resources Personal branding trainings Professional development pathways Social engagement and personal development Job search support through alumni and employer engagement Other services as needed Georgia Tech is taking this opportunity to put our new strategic plan into action; to achieve our goals of expanding access and amplifying our impact by ensuring all our students have structural pathways to contribute to technological advancement and improving the human condition across a range of industries and sectors. The initiative launched in spring 2021 and will continue through 2023. During that time, the program will measure progress, build on successes, and continuously work to improve results. For more information contact Dr. Sybrina Atwaters, Director Office of Minority Education and Development or Mr. James Barricelli, Executive Director of the Career Center or Dr. Sonia Alvarez-Robinson, Executive Director of Strategic Consulting. Career Champions OMED Career Champions supports 3-week Career Immersion, Peer-I-Scope, WOCI, and AAMI student cohorts with career readiness tools, career fair prep, peer mentoring and career prep workshops. Have questions about internships/co-ops? REUs and undergraduate research? Scholarships? Study abroad opportunities? Innovation and entrepreneurship opportunities? DEI concerns with your career selection? See one of our career champions for guidance, resources, and connections to OMED career pathway initiatives. Meet All The Champions 3_week Immersion Program The 3-week Career Immersion Summer Residential Program is a strategically designed career enhancement experience. The 2022 3-week Career Immersion program will be held on May 14-June 3, 2022, hosted by OMED in collaboration with the Career Center! Learn More Facebook Instagram Twitter Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Diversity Links GT Diversity News & Events Hispanic Initiatives Office of Institute Diversity The Office of Disability Services Women, Science and Technology Center Omed: Academic Support OMED Tutor Schedule Academic Support Services GT Academic Calendar Other GT Academic Support GT Student Resources Apply BuzzCard Career Services Center for Academic Success Co-ops & Internships Computer Support Dean of Students Discrimination/Harassment Reporting FOCUS Program GT Financial Aid LGBTQIA Resource Center Library Registrar's Office Software Downloads Student Affairs Student Entrepreneurship Student Government Student Organizations Study Abroad OMED:Educational Services Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion 681 Cherry St. Atlanta, Ga 30332 404-894-3959 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login