Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Our Music Technology Programs Our Music Technology Programs We are one of the few schools in North America that offers Music Technology as a major in undergraduate, graduate, and Ph.D. levels of study. Each level builds upon the next, allowing for a unique blend of academic study and innovative research opportunities. Our Bachelor of Science in Music Technology degree teaches students how to combine their love of music with technology in a number of different technical disciplines, including engineering, computing, and sciences. Our Master of Science in Music Technology gives students the ability to explore music from Georgia Tech's unique technological perspective. Here, we design software that breaks down music into its individual pieces and puts it back together again so we can better understand it. Our Ph. D. program goes even deeper into these topics. Students work alongside our renowned faculty to create the next great ideas in music. Our Doctoral students become creators, teachers, entrepreneurs, and industry leaders for the music of tomorrow. Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Master of Science in Music Technology PhD in Music Technology Other Academic Opportunities Dual Degree Program Current exceptional undergraduate students can advance their academics by pursuing the Dual Bachelors/Masters degree program. Bachelor of Science in Computational Media The Bachelor of Science in Computational Media allows students to combine studies of computing, communications, and music technology. Undergraduate Minors We offer a Minor in Music with General Emphasis and a Minor in Music Technology. Ensembles The majority of our ensembles are also classes open for any student at Georgia Tech to join, regardless of major. Academic Support Chris Moore Director of Undergraduate Programs Erin Jackson Academic Advisor Alexander Lerch Director of Graduate Programs Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid The School of Music awards a small number of scholarships and fellowships each year to Bachelor of Science in Music Technology (BSMT) and Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students to reduce the cost of attendance. Learn more about these opportunities. Learn More Learn More Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Join our Mailing List Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in