Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search We Design the Future of Music We Design the Future of Music Through interdisciplinary degree programs, outstanding performance ensembles, and innovative research endeavors, the Georgia Tech School of Music cultivates a rich legacy of musical traditions and develops cutting-edge technologies to help define the future of music. About the School Prospective Students Music at Tech Undergraduate Programs Learn about our Bachelor of Science degree in Music Technology. Graduate Programs Learn about our Master of Science and Ph. D degrees in Music Technology. Ensembles Learn about the ensemble classes offered by the School of Music. Research Learn about the research labs at the Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology. Spring 2023 Concerts Each semester, the Georgia Tech School of Music ensembles deliver a diverse selection of performances to the campus and Atlanta communities. Our award-winning ensemble directors incorporate modern takes with traditional performance. Their approach shows off the best of Georgia Tech's musical talent. From Rock and Pop Bands to Symphony Orchestra to Jazz Ensemble, there is something for everyone! Our concerts are also live-streamed and archived on the School of Music YouTube channel. Concert Schedule School of Music YouTube Channel LMC and School of Music Host Musical Residencies Six metro Atlanta musicians and performers will be working out of the Technology Square Research Building through April as part of a new STEAM musical residency program jointly hosted by the School of Literature, Media, and Communication and the School of Music. The artists will each have two-week residencies culminating in a free workshop and performance open to the Georgia Tech community and the public. Learn More Students Touch the Future of Music at Guthman Competition For Georgia Tech's music technology majors, the Guthman Musical Instrument Competition represents the pinnacle event of their creative study and research. Students help produce the concert, exhibit their work, and learn from the judges and competitors. They even get to play the instruments! Read the full article Our Recent Work Our faculty publish their research and academic advancement to several professional journals, as well as to SmarTech, the Georgia Tech library’s repository for Institute intellectual property. Use the links below to experience some of our most recent work! Savery, R., Weinberg, G "Machine Learning Driven Musical Improvisation for Mechanomorphic Human-Robot Interaction" Smith, J. and Freeman, J “Effects of Deep Neural Networks on the Perceived Creative Autonomy of a Generative Musical System” Seshadri, Pavan; Lerch, Alexander "Improving Music Performance Assessment with Contrastive Learning" Light, L., & Arthur, C. "Voice leading in Palestrina’s Masses: A comparison of interval-succession definitions" Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in