Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Building Construction College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Alumni Engagement History Support the School Academics Bachelor of Science in Building Construction Undergraduate Certificate in Construction Management Master of Science in Building Construction and Facility Management Master of Real Estate Development Professional Master's in Occupational Safety and Health (Online) Ph.D. in Building Construction Future Students Pre-College Summer Camp Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Scholarships and Fellowships International Students Current Students Industry Relations Research Economics of the Sustainable Built Environment Smart Built Environment Eco-System (Smart Bees) Lab People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Real Estate Development Master of Real Estate Development The Master of Real Estate Development treats real estate as an industry based on the collaboration of planners, architects, engineers, construction managers, program managers, facility managers, and owners to produce high-quality projects that bring tangible and lasting benefits to the community. Prospective Students Apply Now Campus Collaboration Photo: School of Building Construction This degree is not STEM-based; however, it integrates classes from the schools of Architecture, Building Construction, City & Regional Planning, Civil & Environmental Engineering, Public Policy, and the Sheller College of Business. Graduates of this program will understand the entire development process, from design and innovative construction to land use regulations, finance, and management. Real Estate Development students will also benefit from the living example of our urban Atlanta campus, thriving after a decade of innovative design, construction, and industry collaboration. Our campus is continually transforming in the center of one of the most dynamic real estate development locations in the country. Admissions Requirements Bachelor's Degree A bachelor's degree in one of the following fields from an accredited institution with a minimum of a 3.0 GPA and no work experience in the real estate development industry: Construction Management Architecture Architecture Engineering Civil Engineering Landscape Architecture City Planning Real Estate -OR- A bachelor's degree in the following fields from an accredited institution with a minimum of a 3.0 GPA, a minimum of two years' experience in the real estate development industry, and letters of recommendation from two real estate professionals specifying industry competence. Accounting Finance Business Property Management TOEFL & IELTS Requirements Institute Code: 5248 Department Code: 12 Minimum Score Required: Paper-based: 600 Computer-based: 250 Internet-based: 100 GRE/GMAT Requirements The GRE or GMAT is normally required; however, this requirement may be waived on a case by case basis with appropriately documented industry experience. The goal is to provide flexibility in admissions criteria to draw a variety of students with a range of academic and work experiences related to real estate development. Institute Code: R5248 Department Code: 4401 General Test: Required A score within the past five years in the 60th percentile or higher Letters of Recommendation Two letters of recommendation from real estate professionals specifying industry competence. Application Deadlines The School of Building Construction reviews applications on a rolling basis between early and late deadlines; however, it is encouraged that full applications be completed by the early deadline, especially if the applicant is interested in being considered for limited GTA/GRA funding opportunities. Fall Admission: Early Deadline on January 15 Late Deadline for International applicants on April 1 Late Deadline for U.S. Applicants on May 1 Spring Admission: Early Deadline on July 15 Late Deadline for International applicants on September 1 Late Deadline for U.S. Applicants on October 1 CCIM Accreditation CCIM Institute is commercial real estate’s most influential professional organization, with members closing $200 billion annually in commercial real estate deals. For 50 years, the Institute has been building opportunities through its respected education program, led by established practitioners. CCIM Institute members are eligible to earn the CCIM designation, the industry’s most prestigious certification. In 2019, CCIM Institute approved the Master of Real Estate Development program at Georgia Tech as a university alliance partner. Through this special collaboration as a new CCIM Institute University Partner, MRED students are eligible to receive additional educational and networking opportunities within the commercial real estate field including: Access to enhanced student member benefits plus a free trial membership now through December - $50 thereafter 50% off registration for CCIM Global Conference 50% off Preparing to Negotiate online course Bimonthly CCIM Student Connect email, which includes access to special industry reports and curated content Free access to professional mentoring via CCIM Mentor Access to Affinity Providers benefits Free subscription to Commercial Investment Real Estate magazine Degree recipients within the last five years can accelerate their path to earning a CCIM designation through the University Fast Track membership. This designation allows students to become a Certified Commercial Investment Manager on a fast track based on their educational background received from the MRED Program at Clemson. Under the agreement, students completing or seeking a Master's Degree in Real Estate Development wishing to become a CCIM designee need to do the following: Submit a CCIM University Fast Track Application for Clemson and apply for Candidacy Upon Approval of the University Fast Track Application, be given credit for the following three core courses: CI 101 Financial Analysis CI 102 Market Analysis CI 104 Investment Analysis Must successfully complete CI 103 User Decision Analysis Must fulfill CCIM's Institute's portfolio requirement. The portfolio must go through the Institute's approval process. Must pass the comprehensive exam. For more information on the fast track application, please visit CCIM. MRED alumni and former students may request their official Clemson University transcript from the Registrar's Office. Curriculum The curriculum focuses on professional education that will create the platform for the next generation of publicly responsible real estate development. It presents a design-based real estate development education in a collaborative environment that mirrors the real-world process of the built environment. Planning, design, finance, and construction ultimately are joined in the production of real estate, and the MRED will present these disciplines in an innovative educational experience involving the three Schools. Additionally, the opportunity for multidisciplinary research to explore new dimensions in real estate design and sustainability will place Georgia Tech at the forefront of progress in human habitat. Education and research along with outreach to the local vibrant real estate development industry will serve Atlanta, its metropolitan region and the State of Georgia, with the opportunity through international students and programs to have a global reach. Core Classes Core Classes: Total 15 Credit Hours BC 6175 Real Estate Development and Construction-3 Credit Hours BC 6575 Real Estate Production Finance-3 Credit Hours BC 6350 Design and Construction Law-3 Credit Hours CP 6640 Applied Real Estate Development Methods-3 Credit Hours Either of: BC 6270 Community Design and Development-3 Credit Hours ARCH 6151 Theories of Urban Design-3 Credit Hours Representative Electives: Total 12 Credit Hours Choose from: BC 6370 Real Estate Trends, Policies, Ethics-3 Credit Hours BC 6675 Residential Design and Construction-3 Credit Hours BC 6570 Real Estate Development Basic Finance BC 6975 The Evolution of a Deal-3 Credit Hours ARCH 6226 Green Construction-3 Credit Hours CP 4610 Introduction to Real Estate Investment - 3 Credit Hours CP 6016 Growth Management Law and Implementation -3 Credit Hours CP 6105 Land Conservation-3 Credit Hours CP 6112 Introduction to Land Use Planning-3 Credit Hours CP 6611 Principles of Real Estate Finance and Development-3 Credit Hours CP 6233 Sustainable Urban Development-3 Credit Hours CP 6630 Government and Housing Markets-3 Credit Hours CP 6834 Urban Design Policy: Analysis and Implementation-3 Credit Hours Additional courses from the Schools of Building Construction, City and Regional Planning, and Architecture as approved by the Program Chair in conjunction with the School Chairs and professors. Capstone Project: 3 Credit Hours BC 6875 Real Estate Development Capstone Project-3 Credit Hours Request Information on the MRED Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in