Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Science in Music Technology Master of Science in Music Technology Our Music Technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Our students live and work in a top-tier research institute. Our faculty research how we create, perform, analyze, and learn about music - and then re-imagine music’s place in the modern world. They also get exposure to other majors. The Center regularly collaborates with like-minded peers who explore the relationship between technology and music. With as little as one additional year of study, our students can apply to earn a second graduate degree in another discipline. Music Technology is a STEM designated major. STEM designated programs are eligible for a 24-month STEM OPT extension. Application Successful design and development of music technology systems must be supported by knowledge of music, psychology, computing, engineering, and design. The ideal candidate has experience in both musical and technical domains. Prospective students will be expected to provide a URL link to content demonstrating their skills in technical and musical areas. The application deadline for the Spring semester is September 1st. The deadline for the Fall semester is January 10th. Apply Now! Application Details Curriculum The Master of Science in Music Technology is a four-semester program for a total of 48 credit hours. Applicants will be admitted to the program with an undergraduate degree in music, computing, engineering, or a related degree. When accepted into the program, students will be assigned a faculty advisor who will approve their course selections. They will also work with faculty on collaborative research projects. After the first year of study, and the approval of their faculty advisor, students will choose between two academic tracks: Project Track 12 music technology course credit hours, 24 elective course credit hours, and 12 research course hours. Thesis Track 12 music technology course credit hours, 18 elective course credit hours, 12 research hours, and 6 thesis preparation hours. View Curriculum and Course Listings Upcoming Info Sessions Learn more about the Graduate Programs at the School of Music by attending one of our upcoming info sessions. Virtual Grad Showcase - October 21st 9:00 am - 2:00 pm Register for the Virtual Grad Showcase here. Join us during the "Meet Georgia Tech" section for an info session at 11:00 am and a Q&A with current grad students at 12:00 pm. Graduate Program Info Session - November 18th 11:00 am - 12:00 pm Graduate Program Info Session - December 9th 11:00 am - 12:00 pm Sign up to receive updates about our Info Sessions Learn More Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Contact Us Join our Mailing List Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in