Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Bring the School of Music to your event! Bring the School of Music to your event! When you can boast being home to some of the most intelligent and talented students in the world as Georgia Tech can, it stands to reason that the School of Music has no shortage of talented musicians.We offer competitive rates, reliable musicians, and a wide variety of genres to choose from. Ensemble Contacts Cameron "Chip" Crotts Want to book one of our jazz ensembles or combos? Click the arrows below to email Dr. Crotts. Benjamin Diden Want to book one of our bands? Click the arrows below to email Mr. Diden. Chris Moore Want to book our athletic bands or the Percussion Ensemble? Click the arrows below to email Mr. Moore. Jerry Ulrich Want to book a vocal ensemble? Click the arrows below to email Dr. Ulrich. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in