Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Meet Our Students Meet Our Students Music technology students at Georgia Tech say this program does what they didn't think was possible. Students who are passionate musicians that are also interested in engineering, robotics, computing, and science, often feel like they have to choose one interest over the other in their academic life. At Georgia Tech, our students were excited to find a major that engages their artistic and technical sides in equal measure. Raghavasimhan Sankaranarayanan Master of Science in Music Technology 2020 I've been a violinist for 20 years, but I also was interested in building robots. I knew a lot about music, and I knew a lot about engineering. But I didn't know how to put those two things together and research how to do the things in music technology I really wanted to do. This program showed me how to do that. If you want to go into research, whether it's university research, industry, or business, this is definitely the place to come to. The master's program here is the only one I've found that includes a research class every semester. And not just research by yourself. That means you actually do research - as a class - every semester. Raghav finished his master's degree in Music Technology in 2020 and continues his studies at Tech as a PhD student in Machine Learning and Robotics. Chad Bullard Bachelor of Science in Music Technology 2021 When I first came here, I thought I was going to go into audio production as my career. I figured my degree would just supplement my experience as an audio engineer. But as soon as I got into the Intro to Audio Tech I class, we started learning how to make sound filters from scratch in MATLAB. In order to get us to understand the importance of how the filtering system works, our professor did a lecture on how the human ear works. That was by far the single most attention I've ever paid to a lecture before. Everything just sort of fell into place from there. After graduating, Chad went to Indiana University Bloomington to pursue a PhD in Hearing Sciences. "There's a lot of cultural exchange here. We jam during the weekends and during free time with our classmates, and it's always a really fun time. We appreciate our cultural differences, and learn from each other." - Raghavasimhan Sankaranarayanan Ally Stout Bachelor of Science in Music Technology 2021 I came in with just about zero technical skills. I was just a musician. I had a lot of background in music theory, history, and performance, but nothing with literally anything else. I look back and see how far all of my colleagues and I have progressed, and it's really cool. I never would have imagined I could do anything like my project studio three years ago. I didn't know what Max/MSP was, I didn't know how to program, I didn't know how to do any of this. It's really interesting to see how far we've all come. After graduating, Ally started work as a Data and Quality Specialist and began her MBA at University of South Carolina. Lauren McCall Master of Science in Music Technology 2021 Coming here really opened my horizons. With technology being such a large part of our world, I decided that studying music technology would use my skills to the best of my ability. The classes I've taken have really helped me to understand so many different things that I can do. I've gotten the chance to develop different interactive systems. I'm exploring expressivity in the instruments, and different ways for musicians to play instruments, the different pieces of music that I can write, and about how ensembles can work together with acoustic and electronic instruments added. Lauren finished her master's degree in Music Technology in 2021, and she continues her studies at Tech as a PhD student in Music Technology. "We all have such a great range of skills, and the program is challenging, but it revolves around this thing - music - that we're all so passionate about, regardless of what our background is. It brings us all together, and it develops our skills in so many ways." -Ally Stout Seth Holland Bachelor of Science in Music Technology 2021 Music technology is using computer science, programming, and other technological methods to study the characteristics of music. Then it takes that information to create new compositions, analyze music in a way that's never been done before, or create new hardware or software interfaces that use music or musical signals. I've learned a lot about how we've been able to harness music in technology, and how that gives us capabilities to analyze and express music in ways we weren't able to do 40 or 50 years ago. It's definitely taught me how complex music is, but also how beautiful and rewarding it can be when you tackle the physics of it, and create something new. After graduating, Seth went to SCAD to pursue an MFA in Sustainability in Design. Takahiko Tsuchiya Ph.D. in Music Technology This major offers a lot of opportunities and is a very rich experience. I've been lucky to be part of many collaborations with other schools here at Georgia Tech. I've done projects with the School of Biology, the School of Psychology, and computer scientists from the Georgia Tech Research Institute. They were all interested in the use of music with research projects they were working on. It's a good example of the variety of fields that music technology can interact with. It can be vague and difficult to define as a field of study, but only because it intersects across so many fields. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in