Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Graduate Programs Graduate Programs We are dedicated to giving our students the strongest foundation available with the newest and most exciting breakthroughs in audio and technology. We also create graduates that are immediately in demand from dynamic and rapidly expanding fields. Based in one of the foremost technological research institutions in the world, we have a unique opportunity to offer our students field-leading expertise in a number of engineering and computing fields. This allows our students to pursue their artistic and technical interests simultaneously, giving them a rich blend of rare and extremely valuable skills. Mastering Music Technology As a graduate student in one of our programs, you will take classes that reinforce your traditional musical skills while building a foundation in the technical and theoretical aspects of music technologies. Our faculty members are prominent in fields like robotics, signal processing, interactive music, brain music, and music cognition. They actively research and collaborate with notable musicians and local and international companies. They use these contacts to give our students exposure for their work, exciting research options and real-world opportunities when they graduate. Upcoming Info Sessions Learn more about the Graduate Programs at the School of Music by attending one of our upcoming info sessions. Virtual Grad Showcase - October 21st 9:00 am - 2:00 pm Register for the Virtual Grad Showcase here. Join us during the "Meet Georgia Tech" section for an info session at 11:00 am and a Q&A with current grad students at 12:00 pm. Graduate Program Info Session - November 18th 11:00 am - 12:00 pm Graduate Program Info Session - December 12th 11:00 am - 12:00 pm Sign up to receive updates about our Info Sessions Degrees Master of Science in Music Technology We teach students to revolutionize music through technology. Ph.D. in Music Technology This fully funded program is the road to mastering what interests you in Music Technology. Dual BS/MS degree program For the BSMT student that's interested in going directly to grad school. Graduate Academic Support Alexander Lerch Director of Graduate Programs Erin Jackson Academic Advisor Assistantships, Fellowships, & Scholarships School of Music & External Aid The School of Music awards a small number of scholarships and fellowships each year to Bachelor of Science in Music Technology (BSMT) and Master of Science in Music Technology (MSMT) students to reduce the cost of attendance. Learn more about these opportunities. Learn More Learn More Our B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. music technology students don’t just use technology to make music. They invent the next generation of technologies that will revolutionize the music industry. Learn more about the blend of creative and technical work at the Georgia Tech School of Music. Join our Mailing List Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in