Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Our 12 ensembles unite students from every major at Georgia Tech. In addition to their full class loads, these student musicians perform in concerts throughout the academic year. This Fall, our award-winning ensemble directors will incorporate modern takes with traditional performance. Their approach shows off the best of Georgia Tech's musical talent. Mark your calendars for the concert dates below! Concert Schedule Click on the concert titles below to learn more about the events, access concert programs, and add to your calendar. If there is an issue viewing the event list, click here. View the Concert Programs All Concerts Streamed Live All Georgia Tech Ensemble Concerts are streamed live on the School of Music YouTube channel. If you can't join us in person, tune in during any concert to listen and watch our student musicians. Watch Our YouTube Channel Wayfinding: Ferst Center for the Arts Georgia Tech Parking and Transportation Services offers ample, well-lit parking in the Visitors Area 3: Student Center Deck (W02) on Ferst Drive. Rates are posted at the entrance to the lot and may vary depending on the event. Payment is by credit/debit card only. When using most navigation devices for the entrance to the Visitors Area 3: Student Center Deck (W02), please use 349 Ferst Drive NW, Atlanta, GA 30332. Google Maps Ferst Center Parking Info Wayfinding: West Village Visitor parking closest to West Village is located in WR30: Top Level of West Village Curran Deck | Parkmobile Zone 8634. Please use 532 8th Street NW, Atlanta, GA 30318. Google Maps West Village Parking Info Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in