Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Practice Room Rentals Practice Room Rentals All members of the Georgia Tech community can purchase access to the School of Music practice rooms. This includes undergraduate and graduate students from any major, as well as all faculty and staff on campus. General Information We have four practice rooms available for student use. They are rooms 104, 204, 206, and 209. There are digital pianos available to play in all four practice rooms (Kawai models CN34B and CA48B). Additionally, there is a Yamaha upright piano located in room 209 if you prefer a more acoustic sound. We do not have any grand pianos available for practice. The locked acoustic piano in 104 is not for general student use. This is for faculty to use for specific classes. Please do not try to unlock this piano for any reason without faculty approval. If you wish to play an instrument other than a piano in 204, you must bring your own instrument. Payment Information Access is free for BSMT, MSMT, and PhD MT students. Book through the "Practice Room and Lab Reservation Calendar" tab in the general channel on the School of Music Team. Practice room access is $15 per semester for students enrolled in a MUSI class and $30 for all other members of the Georgia Tech Community. If you are taking a MUSI class, please contact your professor for a promo code to receive the lower rate. Following payment, you will receive a confirmation e-mail that includes a link to reserve practice rooms in advance. You may also practice in any room that is unoccupied without making a reservation. Please note, it may take 1-2 business days to receive Buzzcard access after your purchase. You must purchase practice room access each semester as access to practice rooms terminates at the end of each semester. Reserving Your Room Please list your FULL NAME on the reservation. Recurring reservations with no FULL NAME will be deleted. If there will be multiple people practicing in the room with you, be sure to list every student’s name on the reservation. Every person who is using the room should have Buzzcard access Do not let anyone into the Couch Building or a Practice Room who does not have Buzzcard access Practice room reservation will run on a monthly basis. You will be able to book your reservations for the month beginning on the first of that month. Please be considerate when reserving practice rooms. We only have 4 practice rooms and we have over 300 students who need access.  Do not reserve rooms for more than one hour at a time. If you need to reserve a room for longer than one hour, please send an email to kelsey.brunson@music.gatech.edu with an explanation.  Most exceptions will be granted with a valid explanation. Do not reserve multiple rooms during the same timeslot. If you have made a reservation and the room is occupied, kindly state that you have a reservation to use the room. If you are using a practice room without a reservation and someone with a reservation arrives, you must allow them to use the room. If you have made a reservation for a practice room but wish to delete it or modify it and cannot, please send an email to kelsey.brunson@music.gatech.edu  and we will delete it for you. We reserve the right to cancel reservations that violate our policies. You will receive an email if your reservation has been deleted. Rules Clean up after yourself. Dispose of all trash and remove all of your personal items at the end of your reservation. Make sure the door is fully closed behind you. If you move any chairs in the room, stack them if possible or place them neatly against the wall before you leave. Playing of the drum set and amplified instruments is not allowed Monday through Friday between 11 am and 4 pm. Treat our equipment and facilities with respect. Do not let anyone into the Couch building if they do not have Buzzcard access. NO ONE should be in the building after hours unless they have been given access via their Buzzcard. For any technical issues with the website for purchasing access, please contact helpdesk@design.gatech.edu.  For all other inquiries, please email kelsey.brunson@music.gatech.edu. Purchase Practice Room Access Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in