Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Musical Ramblin' Wrecks Musical Ramblin' Wrecks An education at Georgia Tech is ranked as one of the best returns on investment in the country, and in the top 10 of many undergraduate degree disciplines. But our students find out that they don’t need to sacrifice their musical growth when they come here. In fact, many of our students cite studying music at Georgia Tech as one of the best choices they made in their college career! Whether you come to major in Music Technology or participate in one of our many talented ensembles, there are plenty of opportunities to make lifelong friends along the way. Undergraduate Student Life Our undergraduate majors and minors get the best of all possible worlds for music at Georgia Tech: they dive headfirst into a curriculum that focuses on music and technology while participating in multiple musical ensembles. Small class sizes give our students individual attention, and the ability to work directly with faculty who are leaders in their fields of research. It also means you’ll be seeing a lot of the same faces in your major classes, giving you chances to collaborate on music - both in and out of class. Graduate Student Life Our graduate student body is a tightly knit group, with a strong sense of camaraderie. They plan many events throughout the year, for fun and as stress relief, including bike rides, running the pi mile, and organizing spring break trips. They always support each other when they’re playing gigs around town or performing at local concerts and conventions. School of Music Organizations The School of Music also serves as a home for various student organizations, all of which serve special purposes. Whether you’re looking to provide service, get more involved with an ensemble, or simply make new friends, there’s a place for you in one of the following organizations. Georgia Tech Band Club Serves as a forum to carry out service and social activities for all Georgia Tech Bands. Kappa Kappa Psi:Iota A national honorary coed fraternity for band members that serves and promotes college bands. Tau Beta Sigma, Epsilon Theta A national honorary coed sorority for band members focusing on music appreciation and service. Pi Episilon Phi An honorary choral service fraternity whose mission is to improve collegiate vocal ensembles. Women in Music Tech Creating a community for women and all minorities to network and find support in the academic and professional field of Music GT Musician's Network An organization providing numerous resources and opportunities to musicians at Georgia Tech Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in