Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site Welcome The Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology (WST) at Georgia Tech promotes the recruitment, retention, and advancement of female students and faculty in science, technology, engineering and, math (STEM) fields. The WST Center welcomes faculty, staff, and students interested in issues of gender, science, and technology in research and programmatic initiatives. Our many activities and initiatives include: Annual WST Distinguished Lecture WST undergraduate-faculty research partnerships Mentoring residents of the WST Learning Community Volunteer service with GEMS (Girls Excelling in Math and Science) Workshops on research collaboration Faculty career development Please explore our website to learn more about WST and the many ways we influence the success of women in science and technology. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion provides intellectual leadership and strategic direction for the infusion of diversity and equity throughout all aspects of teaching, learning, research, service, and outreach central to the Institute's mission. Get Involved! WST Mentor Program Women's International Research Engineering Summit (WIRES) Girls Excelling in Math and Science Program (GEMS) WST Recent News Pinar Keskinocak Honored as 2021 Recipient of Award for the Advancement of Women in OR/MS This award is given by the Women in OR/MS Forum of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences to celebrate and … Ellen M. Bassett Selected as Dean of College of Design After a national search, Ellen M. Bassett has been selected as the John Portman Dean’s Chair of Georgia Tech’s College of Design. … Georgia Tech Announces New Vice President for Infrastructure and Sustainability Maria Cimilluca has been named vice president for Infrastructure and Sustainability after a nationwide search. WST Upcoming Events Sunday January 29 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM From Darkness to Light - My Holocaust Journey 2:00 PM - 4:00 PM Location: Exhibition Hall - Midtown Ballroom Robert Ratonyi was born in Budapest, Hungary, and he was just 6 years old when his parents were taken in a Jewish round-up. This is a unique … Monday February 6 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM WST Lrn C dinner with Dr. Ece Erdogmus, College of Design 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Location: Atlanta, GA Dr. Ece Erdogmus, Chair of Building Construction, College of Design, will speak about her career and research. Monday March 27 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM WST Lrn C virtual meeting with Dr. Keona Lewis 6:00 PM - 7:00 PM Location: Zoom meeting Dr. Keona Lewis, Assistant Provost for Academic DEI and Professor of the Practice in the Center for Social Concern, University of Notre Dame … Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2023 Georgia Institute of Technology