Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Latino Welcome Celebration The Latino Welcome Celebration provides incoming and current Hispanic/Latinx students with an opportunity to experience the Hispanic atmosphere at Georgia Tech and network with other students, faculty, staff, and corporate representatives. This year’s event will consist of free food, free raffles, student organizations and Georgia Tech offices fair, Salsa Club performance, and informational sessions from corporate sponsors. The 2022 Latino Welcome Celebration will be on Thursday, August 25 from 11 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. in the Exhibition Hall Midtown Ballroom. Registration is not required. Please bring your Buzzcard to the event. Representing student organizations include ALPFA-GT, BRASA, ESO, GT SALSA CLUB, GT-SHPE, HRT, LASO, LOGRAS, SAA and SSO. Click here to view photos from previous Latino Welcome Celebrations. The Latino Welcome Celebration is co-sponsored by bp and Capital One. Students are invited to info sessions to connect with representatives from bp and Capital One and learn more about internship opportunities, tips for landing a career, sustainable initiatives, and nontraditional pathways to a career in these industries. bp Student Success Center Press Room A 12:45–1:45 p.m. Capital One (Virtual) 12:45–1:45 p.m. Please register at bit.ly/LWCCapitalOne *There will be raffle prizes at the info sessions! Latino Welcome Celebration welcomes new and returning Hispanic/Latino students at the start of fall semester with food, music, raffles, and live entertainment. Meet the Director Learn more about the director of OHI, and please contact Jorge Breton for any questions about our programs and events. Learn More Student Spotlights Check out the spotlights of some of The Goizueta Foundation Scholars and Fellows. Read Spotlights Read the Brochure Learn more about our goals, programs, and events in this informative brochure. Read Brochure Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login