Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News & Events Events MLK Celebration 2023 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration and Commemorative Event Series Overview The commemoration of the life and work of Martin Luther King Jr. at the Georgia Institute of Technology encompasses an ambitious slate of events organized by faculty, staff, and students. Our 2023 MLK celebrations will include various virtual and in-person educational programs and service opportunities to encourage active participation from the campus and nearby community. As an academic institution dedicated to advancing a culture of inclusive excellence, we reflect upon the contributions of Martin Luther King Jr. during our annual celebration. We recognize the ongoing global struggle for social justice, social courage, and the need for sustainable social change. We are pleased to honor King's legacy as we set the agenda for the next civil rights movement. 2023 MLK Celebration Events Click here to view the listing of 2023 MLK celebration events. Planning Committee Archie Ervin, Chair Stephanie Ray, Co-Chair Sirocus Barnes Rayne Bozeman Donald Bullock Chris Burke Jie Cao Barbara Harrison Luoluo Hong Tia Jewell Keona Lewis S. Gordon Moore Jr. Jayde Nelson Tammy Parrett Christopher Ruiz John Stein Sponsor Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Co-Sponsors Division of Student Engagement and Well-Being Center for Education Integrating Science, Mathematics, and Computing (CEISMC) MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker As part of Georgia Tech’s 2023 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration, the 12th Annual MLK Lecture will be held on January 12, featuring Eddie Glaude Jr., Ph.D., James S. McDonnell Distinguished University Professor and chair of the department of African American Studies at Princeton University. The King Center Learn About Eddie Glaude Jr. Download 2023 MLK Calendar Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login