Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Events Archived Events Mar 12 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Feb 26 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Feb 18-19 Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works: Navigating Community Engagement, Sustainability, and Service Learning Opportunities at Georgia Tech Looking for ways to connect with others around positive social change—on and off campus—while at Georgia Tech? Feb 13-14 Demystifying Tech: Advocating for Georgia Tech in the state of Georgia and Beyond Institute Relations works to ensure Georgia Tech’s strategic priorities receive recognition and support from local, state, and federal government partners. Feb 5 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Jan 28-29 Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works: Insights into the President's Office Presenter Frank Neville, senior vice president for strategic initiatives & chief of staff, will discuss the new leadership structure, the alignment of current roles with Georgia Tech’s overall goals/priorities, and more. Jan 22 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Jan 13 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Nov 22-23 Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works: 'Insights into Institute Communications Strategy and Execution' Presenters Renee Kopkowski, vice president of Institute Communications, Tracey Reeves, AVP of News and Campus Communications, and Stephen Norris, assistant director of Social Media, will share the vision of the Institute Communications leadership team. Nov 13 2019 Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Poster Expo and Celebration A culminating event for students, faculty, and staff committed to advancing a culture of inclusive excellence Oct 29-30 Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works: 'The Office of Ethics & Compliance: Our Vision, Goals, and How You Can Help' The Cecil B. Day Program for Business Ethics and Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works present 'The Office of Ethics & Compliance: Our Vision, Goals, and How You Can Help.' Apr 23-24 Demystifying Tech: A Path Forward - Together A Path Forward - Together unites student, staff, and faculty voices around broad themes as a means for creating meaningful, positive change in the student experience at Georgia Tech. Feb 27 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Feb 12 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Jan 30 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Jan 22 Demystifying Tech: Balancing Research and Family In a dialogue event held during Fall 2018, students and post-doctoral fellows shared some of the challenges they face while managing research/work and family responsibilities. Jan 16 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Nov 27-28 Demystifying Tech: Professional Development Programs for Faculty and Staff The panel is composed of program administrators and participants who will talk about the content and goals of these programs such as Emerging Leaders Program, Women’s Leadership Program, and the Adaptive Leadership Program. Nov 13 Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Poster Expo and Celebration A poster expo and celebration showcasing the ideas and projects from the second cohort of Diversity and Inclusion Fellows, and announcing next year’s Fellows. Nov 8-9 Demystifying Tech: How the Office of Sponsored Programs Supports Faculty In this session, panelists from key offices dedicated to supporting faculty in obtaining and managing sponsored research funds will discuss recent initiatives focused on streamlining their services. Nov 7 Black Women Gather: Kick-off Information Session We are an intergenerational group of alumni and staff who are willing to listen and provide mentoring. Join us for a Kick-off Information Session! Oct 18-19 Dialogue Among Ph.D. Students: Managing Research and Family Dynamics When You Have Children In this dialogue, students will have an opportunity to share some of the challenges they face and discuss potential mechanisms that could alleviate these challenges or provide support. Oct 11 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Oct 2-3 Demystifying Tech: Ethical Responsibilities of Public Universities The first Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works event will address issues around the mission of higher education, costs, ethical aspects of rankings, and some unethical practices. Oct 1-2 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Sep 12 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Aug 29 Implicit Bias Workshop The goals of these workshops are to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across all processes related to faculty evaluations. Aug 23-24 13th Annual Latino Welcome Celebration The Latino Welcome Celebration will provide incoming and current Hispanic/Latino students with an opportunity to experience the Hispanic atmosphere at Georgia Tech and network with other students, faculty, staff, and corporate representatives. Apr 17-18 Demystifying Student Crisis Response Expand your knowledge in responding to student crisis and in your role as a member of the Georgia Tech community. Mar 27-28 Demystifying Tech: "Undergraduate Enrollment: Goals, Stats, and Stories" We will discuss the current undergraduate population at Georgia Tech, how applications are reviewed, and how decisions are made to shape the Institute into a global leader in education and innovation. Feb 27-28 "Intellectual Property at Georgia Tech: Paths for Discoveries to Make a Difference" You will learn about the technology transfer process at Georgia Tech, overview the role of public universities and sponsored research programs in technology transfer, and talk about other paths that Georgia Tech ideas take to make a difference. Nov 14-15 Free Speech, Political Correctness – Any Boundaries? This session will shed light on some of the following issues: What kind of speech is and is not protected by the First Amendment? What laws and other considerations apply to speeches on campus? Oct 3-4 The Colors of Money Part II – Who Decides? This is a follow-up to last year’s mini-course on Georgia Tech’s “Colors of Money.” Following an update of Georgia Tech’s fiscal 2018 budget, participants will look “behind the curtain” of how funding distributions from various sources are determined. Apr 27 CoS Faculty Luncheon Lunch for academic professionals Apr 7 CoS ADVANCE Faculty Luncheon Lunch for tenured faculty Feb 7-8 Implicit Bias Workshop Institute Diversity is offering 90-minute Implicit Bias Workshops designed for Institute faculty who serve on RP&T and faculty search committees. Jan 19-20 Global Engagement at Georgia Tech – Strategies and Lessons Learned The speakers will review how we decide whether to embark on a new initiative, what are the pitfalls and the ingredients for success. Nov 17-18 Philanthropy - The Difference Between Good and Great Hear from senior leadership in Development representing close to 100 years of Georgia Tech experience. GT Computing Faculty, Students Participate in IEEE/WIE Women's Leadership Summit Nov 8-9 Georgia Tech's Connections to the University System of Georgia and Beyond This presentation will provide an overview of the Office of Government and Community Relations' three main departments and who they serve, as well as information about the Office's role with the University System of Georgia Board of Regents. Nov 1-2 Industry Relations This event is part of the "Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works" event series, organized by the ADVANCE Program at Georgia Tech. Oct 25-26 Leadership Operations at Georgia Tech Lynn Durham and Jennifer Herazy will discuss Georgia Tech's leadership organization and reporting structures. Oct 18-19 The Colors of Money at Georgia Tech This presentation will cover a number of key questions that address how Georgia Tech is organized financially. May 18-19 ADVANCE Spring 2016 Event ADVANCE Spring 2016 Event May 3 COA- ADVANCE Meeting COA-ADVANCE Meeting Apr 19-20 OID-ADVANCE Workshop OID-ADVANCE Workshop Feb 2 COA- ADVANCE Meeting COA-ADVANCE Meeting Dec 10 COA ADVANCE - Holiday event COA ADVANCE - Holiday event Nov 24 COA ADVANCE Meeting COA ADVANCE Meeting Sep 29 COA ADVANCE Meeting COA ADVANCE Meeting Sep 9-10 Seventh Annual Diversity Symposium The Seventh Annual Diversity Symposium provides a forum for robust, informed discussions among faculty, staff, and students on issues relating to building and sustaining an inclusive campus community. Sep 1 COA ADVANCE Meeting COA ADVANCE Meeting Jun 8-10 2015 Future Faculty Workshop for Georgia Tech Students and Postdoctoral Fellows Professional/Personal Two Day Training funded by the Clare Boothe Luce Program Apr 14 ADVANCE Meeting GT- CoA ADVANCE Meeting Mar 30 Get Your Voice on the Table: Leadership Strategies for Female Faculty Get Your Voice on the Table: Leadership Strategies for Female Faculty Mar 10 ADVANCE Meeting GT- CoA ADVANCE Meeting Feb 17 ADVANCE Meeting GT- CoA ADVANCE Meeting Jan 27 ADVANCE Meeting GT- CoA ADVANCE Meeting Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login