Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Resources Assessment and Evaluation Developing, analyzing, and monitoring data to track faculty hiring, retention, promotion, and satisfaction is critical to the success of the EDEI. Deans, Chairs, the ADVANCE Program, and Institute Diversity will use the data for annual discussions to monitor progress toward EDEI goals (equity, diversity, and excellence) and to inform recommendations to improve faculty hiring, retention, promotion, and satisfaction outcomes. The major components include:  Data collection and tracking - Identify metrics and expand data categories to track faculty retention, advancement, and satisfaction (including surveys for faculty leaving and potential hires who have turned down offers). Data-driven recommendations - Based on the collected data, the ADVANCE Program and Institute Diversity will work with and advise the Provost, Deans, and other members of the administration to identify issues, problems, and solutions. Desired outcomes:  • Produce reliable statistics about faculty across units according to gender, rank, etc. over time . • Reveal progress with increased representation by women at all ranks . • Reveal differences/similarities in salary/space/policy adjustments. • Annual meetings with the ADVANCE Program professors, Institute Diversity, and the Provost to discuss strategies for improving the climate and institute best practices regarding equity and diversity. More Links › Climate Survey › Georgia Tech at a Glance › Additional Resources Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login