Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site WST News Pages: 1 | Page 2 Pinar Keskinocak Honored as 2021 Recipient of Award for the Advancement of Women in OR/MS November 30, 2021 This award is given by the Women in OR/MS Forum of the Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences to celebrate and recognize a person who has significantly contributed to the advancement and recognition of women in OR/MS. Ellen M. Bassett Selected as Dean of College of Design November 23, 2021 After a national search, Ellen M. Bassett has been selected as the John Portman Dean’s Chair of Georgia Tech’s College of Design. Bassett is currently a professor of urban and environmental planning and the associate dean for Research in the School of Architecture at the University of Virginia. Georgia Tech Announces New Vice President for Infrastructure and Sustainability November 18, 2021 Maria Cimilluca has been named vice president for Infrastructure and Sustainability after a nationwide search. Husbands Fealing Appointed Vice Chair of Key NSF Advisory Committee November 16, 2021 Ivan Allen College Dean appointed vice chair of committee focused on improving opportunities in STEM. Renovated Student Center Name to Honor John Lewis November 9, 2021 The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia has approved the naming of Georgia Tech’s Student Center in honor of John Lewis, the renowned civil and human rights leader and longtime U.S. representative from Georgia’s fifth congressional district. New Study Reveals Racial, Ethnic Disparities in Use of Increasingly Popular Prostate Cancer Test November 8, 2021 The study found that Black men were at least 23.6% less likely than their white counterparts to receive an MRI exam following an elevated prostate-specific antigen blood test. She Slept in a Car on her Campus Tour, Now She's Graduated With Highest Honors November 4, 2021 Jasmine Hornbeck overcame some big challenges to finish her Georgia Tech degree. Now she's back to earn a master's in mechanical engineering. Dean Kaye Husbands Fealing Talks Innovation and Higher Education for a 21st Century October 25, 2021 Fealing said innovation for a 21st century workforce must be supported by equity in education and access to opportunities. Hispanic and Latinx Heritage: President Ángel Cabrera on Representation, Mentoring, Leadership October 8, 2021 President Ángel Cabrera is among just a handful of Hispanic leaders to helm a major U.S. university. This National Hispanic Heritage Month, he reflects on his time as a student in the College of Sciences at Georgia Tech — and speaks to the critical role of recruiting and supporting more Hispanic and Latinx students and faculty in STEM. Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Celebrates Anti-Racism Activism September 20, 2021 The 13th annual Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium was hosted Sept. 15, sponsored by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Welcomes Diley Hernández as Associate Vice President July 7, 2021 Following a national search, Diley Hernández was selected as associate vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. She began her new role on July 6. Georgia Tech Announces New Title IX Coordinator June 8, 2021 Christina “Chris” Griffin is the new Title IX coordinator at Georgia Tech. She stepped into the role on June 1, 2021. Georgia Tech’s Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology Host 2021 Distinguished Lecture March 16, 2021 The Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) at Georgia Tech hosted its 2021 WST Distinguished Lecture event featuring Purdue University's Ellen Ernst Kossek. Angela Davis Talks Activism and Reform at 2021 Black History Month Lecture February 11, 2021 Activist, author, and educator Angela Davis delivered a virtual keynote address at Georgia Tech’s 2021 Black History Month Lecture on Feb. 10. The lecture was seen by more than 1,700 unique viewers. WST Learning Community 2021-22 application is open January 30, 2021 The WST Learning Community is looking for undergraduate and graduate women who wish to live in Stein and Goldin Houses in 2021-22. 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Focuses on Disability Awareness and Inclusion September 16, 2020 The 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium featured campus presenters discussing disability awareness and its importance to diversity, inclusion, and the campus community. The event was hosted virtually for the first time in the program's history. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Seventh Consecutive Year September 1, 2020 For the seventh consecutive year, Georgia Tech has been named a HEED Award recipient — a national honor recognizing colleges and universities that demonstrate an outstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. USG Updates Sexual Misconduct Policies to Adhere to New Federal Regulations August 17, 2020 The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia (USG) approved changes to its sexual misconduct policies and procedures at its meeting Tuesday, Aug. 11, in accordance with new federal Title IX regulations that go into effect August 14. New Process Allows Georgia Students to Receive Earlier Admission Decision July 14, 2020 Admissions adds new early action deadline for Georgia high school students. Can We Talk About Race — and Racism? Yes. June 30, 2020 Conversations about race emerge from the shadows. Pages: 1 | Page 2 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2023 Georgia Institute of Technology