Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Future Students A Georgia Tech education is one of the best investments a student could make. At Georgia Tech, we are committed to investing in the futures of our students and a better future for our world. By fostering an inclusive, supportive environment, we continue to attract a highly diverse pool of talented individuals to our many outstanding programs of study. Through the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, we will better serve the more than 4,000 underrepresented minority and women students who benefit from our programs now—and increase capacity to serve even more current and future students. The following programs and resources are available to support future students at Georgia Tech: Admission – Seeks students who enjoy being challenged and who are committed to furthering the Institute’s mission of “improving the human condition.” Financial Aid – Determines financial aid eligibility and shares how to begin applying for financial aid. K-12 Initiatives – Ensures that K-12 students in Georgia receive the best possible preparation in science, technology, engineering, and math as they seek their place in the modern world. Challenge – Helps prepare incoming freshmen for a successful college career, both academically and socially, during a five-week intensive summer program. Focus – Encourages the nation’s best and brightest diverse students to pursue graduate studies and careers in academia. Goizueta Foundation Scholarships – Designed to increase the number of Hispanic/Latino undergraduate students at Georgia Tech. Goizueta Foundation Fellowships – Designed to increase the number of Hispanic/Latino doctoral students at Georgia Tech. “Because of the Challenge program, I met some of my closest friends and earned a 4.0 GPA during my first semester at Tech. I am successful today because of OMED and its staff.” — Kyle Woumn, undergraduate student, School of Computer Science Office of Hispanic Initiatives (OHI) Provides programs and pathways to success for the Hispanic/Latino community, primarily current and prospective students and their families, faculty, and staff. Learn more OMED: Educational Services Provides programs and pathways to success for traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. Learn more Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) Develops initiatives and collaborations that promote women faculty and staff interaction around research and practices in STEM. Learn more Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login