Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Resources As part of the ADVANCE Program’s Equity, Diversity, and Excellence Initiative (EDEI), we wanted to provide an interactive website for consolidated resources that can be beneficial to many constituents across the campus. The first step in addressing diversity is recognizing our own personal bias. We recommend that everyone involved in faculty or student evaluations start by taking the Implicit Association Test developed at Harvard. You will most likely be surprised at the results! We also recommend reading the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS) article, “Groups of diverse problem solvers can outperform groups of high-ability problem solvers,” which argues why diversity and inclusion is in all of our best interests. On this site, you will find a wealth of resources and information on a range of topics, such as Bias Awareness, Mentoring, Search Committees, Promotion and Retention, and Assessment and Evaluation. The ADVANCE Program and Institute Diversity are available to help in these efforts. Diley Hernandez, Ph.D., associate vice president of Institute Diversity, is available to share best practices and consult with faculty on diversity and equity issues. We hope that this website proves to be a useful resource to you. We welcome feedback as we continue to improve upon the website. Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login