Menu Menu ICRW Africa ICRW Asia ICRW Advisors Media Careers Donate Support Our Work Services & Solutions Advisory Practice Research & Analysis Monitoring & Evaluation Capacity Building Advocacy & Policy Engagement Global Advocacy Advocacy in the United States ICRW offers a range of services and solutions. Find out how you can work with us. Issues Adolescents and Youth Adolescent Girls Adolescent Wellbeing and Youth Development Sports for Development Child Marriage Clean Energy Costs of Sex-based Harassment Economic Empowerment Gender and Care Women in the Value Chain Assets and Property Rights Employment and Enterprises Migration Men and Masculinities Mental Health Sexual and Reproductive Health and Rights Abortion Family Planning HIV and AIDS HIV-Related Stigma and Discrimination Reproductive Empowerment Violence Against Women Intimate Partner Violence Technology-facilitated Gender-based Violence ICRW works on a range of issues impacting the lives of women and girls. Resources & Publications Explore our publications Gender Lens Blog Find resources and publications from ICRW staff. Research Programs Explore our programs ICRW is working around the world. Search for and explore our research and programs. About About ICRW Offices ICRW U.S. ICRW Africa ICRW Asia ICRW-Netherlands Annual Reports Financial Reports Our History Re:Gender Merger Latest news Our Team Board of Directors Research Compliance Human Research Protection Program Quality Assurance Leadership Council Champions Awards Champions for Change Paula Kantor Award Mariam K. Chamberlain Award ICRW is the world's premier research institute focused on tackling challenges facing women and girls worldwide. Get Involved Donate Careers Requests for Proposals 5 Ways to Get Involved Help elevate our work by donating to ICRW today. Media Blog ICRW | PASSION. PROOF. POWER. ICRW merges with Re:Gender ICRW merges with Re:Gender In 2016, ICRW merged with Re:Gender, formerly the National Council for Research on Women. Re:Gender was founded in 1981 by feminist researchers to promote research by and about women. With Mariam K. Chamberlain as the founding president, they created a membership organization to facilitate collaboration among researchers and share information with the general public. Over the next 20 years, the NCRW expanded to become a platform for feminist research on issues of identity through such publications such “Risk, Resiliency, and Resistance: Current Research on Adolescent Girls;” “Sexual Harassment: Research & Resources;” “Immigration: Women and Girls, Where Do They Land?” and “Who Benefits, Who Decides? An Agenda for Improving Philanthropy.” Re:Gender’s latest publications can be found here. In the late 1990s, the organization expanded its strong community of academic centers and researchers to include corporate and higher education leaders. In 1994, NCRW created the Presidents Circle — a network of current and former college, university and university system presidents and chancellors — to expand the organization’s reach into academic leadership and deepen connections for member organizations within campuses. The Corporate Circle was launched in 2000 to augment corporations’ diversity and inclusion initiatives by facilitating access to academic research. Collectively they developed programs to advance women into leadership positions in corporations and academic institutions. In 2013, following a national listening tour and intensive strategic planning process, the organization developed a new vision and structure. It transformed from a member organization to an expanded cross-sector network of over 450 institutions and individuals that worked to better connect and align academic research and the practical information needs of policy, advocacy, corporate and community groups. The organization applied a broad gender lens focused on issues in three interconnected focus areas: Identity, Economic Well-Being and Thriving Environments. As the final phase of the planning process, the organization’s network was engaged to help select a new name, and National Council for Research on Women became Re:Gender. The Re:Gender mission was to end gender inequity and discrimination against girls and women, by exposing the root causes and advancing research-informed action. Working with multiple sectors and disciplines, Re:Gender worked to shape a world that embraced fairness across difference – a world in which gender and sex are not used to determine one’s worth or opportunity. By bringing to light how assumptions about gender and sex restrict all members of society, the organization prompted people to shift their understanding and behavior. Re:Gender worked to broaden use of the word “gender” by moving away from “woman and girls” to addressing the full gender spectrum, as well as the intersections of gender and race, sexual orientation, class, immigration status, nationality, ability, etc. Although primarily seen as an organization concerned with U.S.-based issues, Re:Gender has always had a foothold in international work. However, Re:Gender recognized that its capacity to broaden its international lens was limited by its small size and relative lack of resources and infrastructure. Thus in 2016, Re:Gender began to explore new opportunities and new possibilities for achieving a gender equal world, out of which came the decision to merge with the International Center for Research on Women (ICRW), with which we shared a decades-long commitment to promoting gender equality and advancing women in the U.S. and globally, and a commitment to promoting research-informed action. Contact 1120 20th Street NW Suite 500 N Washington, D.C. 20036 202.797.0007 202.797.0020 info@icrw.org Support With our partners, ICRW is building the evidence around what works to reduce inequality and poverty. Consider a donation to support ICRW’s work and improve the lives of women and girls today. Donate Subscribe Email Sign Up Follow Us Privacy Policy