Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site Breadcrumb Home Quick Facts About WST The Women, Science, and Technology (WST) minor, created in 1995, was the first university curricular program of its kind. In 1995, the WST undergraduate minor initiated the first undergraduate research program at Georgia Tech. The Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology, founded in 1998, was the first university research center of its kind. The WST Learning Community, created in 2000, was Georgia Tech's first residential learning community. Each year 48 women undergraduates live in the WST Learning Community. The WST Learning Community annually sponsors approximately ten dinners and occasional other events with WST mentors and other faculty and staff members. WST partnered with the Office of the Provost and the College of Engineering to develop the Georgia Tech-National Science Foundation ADVANCE Program (2001-2007), the first funded ADVANCE program and the first to complete its final NSF report and institutionalize activities. The five-year NSF ADVANCE cooperative agreement had a budget of $3.7 million to support the advancement of female faculty, to study barriers and facilitators in promotion and tenure, and to create instruments to eliminate bias in faculty evaluation (see the ADEPT program website for more information). Approximately 150 faculty and staff and 300 students and alumnae subscribe to WST listservs. Male faculty members are also welcome to mentor or be an undergraduate research supervisor for a WST Learning Community resident. WST was awarded a best practices citation for its support of faculty-student interaction by Office of Organizational Development in 2005. WST organized the first international conference designed to facilitate and study the international research collaborations of women engineering faculty, WIRES 2009, which took place in Barcelona, Spain. WST founded GEMS (Girls Excelling in Math and Science), a Girl Scout science club, at Inman Middle School in 2007. Approximately thirty female students participate in GEMS interactive weekly sessions. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2022 Georgia Institute of Technology