Return to Content Magazine About Us Georgia Tech Georgia Tech Alumni Calendar Login Register Alumni News Calendar Give Now Give Now Alumni News Alumni News Living History Alumni Networks Affinity Groups Regional Networks Corporate Networks Ramble the Night Career Development Career Development Find a Job / Switch Careers Grow Your Skills Start a Business Hire GT Alumni Events Events Gold & White Honors Gala The President’s Dinner: Celebrating Roll Call Georgia Tech Alumni Association Golf Tournament Homecoming Pi Mile 5K Race Ramble on the Green 40 Under 40 Class of 2022 Nominations FAQs Class of 2020 Class of 2021 Travel Travel Tour Schedule Travel Preview & Reunion Travel Insurance River Cruises Ocean Cruises Land Tours Train Tours North America Tours Europe Africa & The Middle East Asia Australia & South Pacific South America Class of 2022 Support Tech Students Roll Call Roll Call Make a Gift Leadership Giving Matching Gifts Buy Back Program Benefits Benefits Merchandise & Fan Store Alumni Perks Tech Marketplace Visiting Atlanta Partner with Us Student Programs Mentor Jackets Student Alumni Association Student Ambassadors Georgia Tech Student Foundation Find Alumni Georgia Tech Home Login Activate Your Account Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Hispanic Alumni Network Our Vision: The vision of the Georgia Tech Hispanic Alumni Network (GTHAN) is to unite all Georgia Tech Hispanic alumni to serve and promote the Institute, each other, and all of our communities (La visión de GT-HAN es unir a todos los exalumnos Hispanos de Georgia Tech para servir y promover el Instituto, a uno al otro, y a nuestras comunidades.) Our Mission: The mission of the Georgia Tech Hispanic Alumni Network (GTHAN) is to achieve its vision through meaningful events and engagements that foster personal and professional relationships, philanthropic support, and individual growth, in support of Progress and Service. (GT-HAN busca cumplir su visión a través de eventos y oportunidades que fomenten relaciones personales y profesionales, apoyo filantrópico, y crecimiento individual para apoyar el Progreso y Servicio.) GTHAN's is committed to: Providing social and professional networking opportunities for Hispanic alumni Providing scholarships to incoming freshman Mentoring current GT Hispanic students Supporting the Institute's Hispanic initiatives Be sure to stay tuned for details on future events such as Salsa Night, Homecoming Gala, and more! Get Involved Get Involved Get started by filling out our volunteer interest form. Connect Check back for our 2022 events schedule! Stay connected to Georgia Tech in your local community. Visit the Event Calendar to learn about events in your area. Join your Leadership Team As a Georgia Tech graduate, you are no stranger to leadership and you are well aware of how much stronger a project’s results can be when you work in a team environment. To learn more about the Hispanic Alumni Network and how to get involved, email Andrew Borda (President) or Monique Latalladi (Secretary). Give Back Giving back is one of Georgia Tech's greatest traditions. Georgia Tech alumni support both Roll Call, Georgia Tech's Fund for Excellence, and local network scholarships. Donations made to GTHAN go directly toward scholarships for exceptional Hispanic students. Due to your generosity we can increase the number of scholarships each year and provide more GT Hispanics with finial assistance. Learn more about Georgia Tech's annual fund, Roll Call. Wherever you live, you can mentor a current student through the Mentor Jackets program. Read More About Us Meet Your Affinity Group Leaders To learn more about the Hispanic Alumni Network and how to get involved, email Andrew Borda (President) or Monique Latalladi (Secretary). Read More Social Media Read More GT News Hispanic Heritage Month Former US Treasurer Rosario Marin Gives Inspiring Keynote Speech at Second Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Read More About The Georgia Tech Alumni Association Update Profile Scholarships Partner With Us Contact Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram 190 North Ave NW Atlanta GA 30313-2220 404 894 2391 | Privacy Policy |