Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site Georgia Tech Announces New Vice President for Infrastructure and Sustainability Maria Cimilluca, Vice President for Infrastructure and Sustainability Posted November 18, 2021 The Georgia Institute of Technology has selected Maria Cimilluca as the inaugural vice president for Infrastructure and Sustainability (I&S). Under Cimilluca’s leadership, the newly created unit will continue to evolve and improve Georgia Tech’s physical environment that spans more than 400 acres in midtown Atlanta. This role is responsible for leading the Institute’s campus sustainability plans as well as the design, planning, and operations of the campus infrastructure. Cimilluca joins the Institute from Northeastern University, where she serves as the vice president for Facilities Management. She brings nearly 27 years of experience managing large scale campus operations, navigating complex capital projects, and leading strategic and master planning efforts for research institutes in higher education. In particular, she is a strong environmental advocate with an abundance of experience and passion for energy management, carbon reduction, resiliency, and sustainability. “This inaugural leadership role for Infrastructure and Sustainability presents an opportunity to bridge Georgia Tech’s academic and research expertise with our operational talent and resources in facilities and sustainability,” said Kelly Fox, executive vice president for Administration and Finance. “By making these connections, Georgia Tech can become a world leader in utilizing sustainable practices to develop healthy, safe, and innovative spaces for the entire campus community to learn, work, and play.” Cimilluca will join Georgia Tech beginning Jan. 17, 2022, and will report directly to Fox. Offices reporting to Cimilluca include Design and Construction, Capital Planning and Space Management, Environmental Health and Safety, Sustainability and Building Operations, Fleet and Landscape Services, Building Engineering and Energy Strategies, Utilities Maintenance, Staging, Building Services, Recycling and Waste Management, Area Maintenance, and Keys and Locks, as well as several administrative support departments. “It is an honor to be selected for this position leading the Infrastructure and Sustainability team.” Cimilluca said. “I will draw upon the experience, knowledge, and skills I have acquired during my career, and look forward to working across the Institute to engage the campus community and guide the development of the Campus Master Plan.” Nazia Zakir, interim vice president for I&S, will assume a new leadership role in I&S. “I am so grateful to Nazia for her leadership during the past 12 months,” Fox said. “It has been a transitional time for the organization — especially in the midst of a pandemic — and her steady leadership helped the team focus on strategic priorities and chart a course forward.” Related Link Infrastructure and Sustainability Contact For More Information Cathy Brim Communications Officer Institute Communications Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2023 Georgia Institute of Technology