Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Campus Climate Survey Campus Climate Survey Georgia Tech conducts a Campus Climate Survey every four years as a tool to help Institute Leadership define, measure, and assess our progress toward the goals defined in its strategic plan. The Campus Climate Survey challenges students, faculty, and staff to provide honest feedback about their experiences as part of the Georgia Tech campus community. As the first survey conducted under the 2030 Institute Strategic Plan, the results of this survey will set new baseline data essential to informing Institute-level decisions over the next decade. Campus Climate Survey FAQs What is the Campus Climate Survey? The Georgia Tech Campus Climate Survey began as a charge from then-Provost Rafael L. Bras in 2012 to gather data from the Georgia Tech community about their experiences as part of the campus community, as a measurement of the Institute's progress towards the goals set forth in its strategic plan. The Climate Assessment Task Force (CATF) was comprised of students, faculty, and staff, and was tasked with overseeing a survey development process to assess the present experiences, perceptions, and knowledge of our campus community members with respect to a culture of collegiality, close collaboration, global perspective, intercultural sensitivity and respect, thoughtful interaction among a community of scholars. What information is the survey looking for? The survey is designed to provide insight into what it's like to be a member of the Georgia Tech campus community. We want your honest reflections on the interactions you've had on campus, your experiences in classrooms and labs, schools and colleges, and workplace environments. You're not required to answer any questions you don't want to, and we've included some open-ended questions to allow you to share your experiences in your own words. How will my data be used? As the first survey administered under the 2020-2030 Institute Strategic Plan, the results of this survey will set new baseline data essential to advancing and forming Institute-level strategies over the next decade. It will also be analyzed compared to the results of the 2017-2018 surveys, to measure how much progress the Institute is making towards building a diverse community of learning, discovery, and creation in an inclusive and collaborative environment. Is my participation optional? Yes, participation is completely voluntary. You are under no obligation to complete the survey; however, we encourage everyone to participate. Our goal is to create a better Tech for all, and we can't identify areas of improvement without your help. Can't my email be used to track my responses? No. You will receive a link that you can use to access the survey; however, that link will only track whether someone has completed the survey or not. It will not be tied to any identifying information, and all responses are completely anonymous, even to the research team. How do I take the survey? On March 14, you will receive an email to your Georgia Tech email address inviting you to participate in the survey. This link is unique to your email address and should not be shared. The survey will be available to take through April 8. You may take the survey at any time, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, from work or from home. Why do you want to know my race or gender? We ask for demographic information to help us understand what the experience is like for certain groups on campus. As we process the data, our researchers will look to identify patterns and/or trends among those with similar races, genders, or other backgrounds, and provide information to drive strategic change as needed. Who can I contact for more information? If you have questions about the survey process, contact the Office of Academic Effectiveness at oae@gatech.edu. What happens next? Once the survey window closes, the Office of Institutional Effectiveness and Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion will begin to synthesize the data and translate the results into reports that will be shared with everyone in the campus community. Once the results are released, the committee will host town halls to present the findings to the campus community and allow a dialogue about we can move forward together. Timeline The timeline below reflects the timeline of the total project, from the planning stage until the results are analyzed and released to the public. September 2021 October 2021 March 2022 April 2022 Fall 2022 Workgroup convenes to discuss survey Survey development begins Surveys launch for students, faculty and staff Survey window closes Response analysis begins Results released to public Townhall to discuss results View Previous Survey Findings 2017-2018 Faculty & Staff Survey Summary Faculty & Staff Survey Full Report Student Survey Summary Student Survey Full Report 2013 Students, Faculty & Staff Full Report Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login