Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News Institute News 2022 Diversity Champion Awards Seeking Nominations Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now accepting nominations for the 2022 Diversity Champion Awards, honoring one student, staff and faculty member, and one unit who have worked to advance a culture of inclusion and belonging at Georgia Tech. Philonise Floyd Named Featured Speaker at 2022 Black History Month Lecture Philonise Floyd, activist and brother of George Floyd, will be the featured speaker at the 2022 Black History Month Lecture. Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Celebrates Anti-Racism Activism The 13th annual Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium was hosted Sept. 15, sponsored by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. 12 Georgia Tech Faculty Members Receive Regents Recognition The University System of Georgia (USG) Board of Regents (BOR) appointed 12 Georgia Tech faculty members to Regents Professors and Regents Researchers. ADVANCE Program at Georgia Tech Welcomes Three New Professors The ADVANCE Program at Georgia Tech welcomed three new professors on July 1: Ana “Annie” I. Antón, Nancey Green Leigh, and Mary G. McDonald. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Welcomes Diley Hernández as Associate Vice President Following a national search, Diley Hernández was selected as associate vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. She began her new role on July 6. Georgia Tech Announces New Title IX Coordinator Christina “Chris” Griffin is the new Title IX coordinator at Georgia Tech. She stepped into the role on June 1, 2021. Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Seeks Fifth Cohort The Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program at Georgia Tech is now accepting applications for its fifth cohort. Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council Formed to Further Address Campus Disparity, Bias, and Inequity More than 50 representatives from across the campus have been appointed by President Ángel Cabrera to the newly formed Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council which will identify issues of campus racial and gender disparity, bias, and inequity to be addressed in order to deliver upon the Institute’s vision of diversity and inclusion. Nominations for 2021 Inclusive Leaders Academy Program Now Open Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now seeking nominations for the fifth cohort of the Inclusive Leaders Academy. 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Focuses on Disability Awareness and Inclusion The 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium featured campus presenters discussing disability awareness and its importance to diversity, inclusion, and the campus community. The event was hosted virtually for the first time in the program's history. Fourth Cohort Set for Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program The fourth cohort of the Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program are set to begin program Sept. 24, 2020. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Seventh Consecutive Year For the seventh consecutive year, Georgia Tech has been named a HEED Award recipient — a national honor recognizing colleges and universities that demonstrate an outstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. Terry Blum and Martha Grover Join ADVANCE Program Terry Blum and Martha Grover were recently named ADVANCE professors for Georgia Tech’s Scheller College of Business and the College of Engineering, respectively. USG Updates Sexual Misconduct Policies to Adhere to New Federal Regulations The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia (USG) approved changes to its sexual misconduct policies and procedures at its meeting Tuesday, Aug. 11, in accordance with new federal Title IX regulations that go into effect August 14. Former Dean Jacqueline Royster Named Professor Emerita Jacqueline J. Royster, professor of English in the School of Literature, Media, and Communication and dean of the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts from 2010 – 2019, has been named professor emerita. From Talk to Action “Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action” drew more than 1,000 unique viewers during 90 minutes of candid, passionate reflections on Black experiences at Tech. President Cabrera, Other Campus Leaders to Discuss Race Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) will host a virtual panel discussion entitled “Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action,” on Thursday, July 16. Can We Talk About Race — and Racism? Yes. Conversations about race emerge from the shadows. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Welcomes Nominations for 2020 Leading Women@Tech Program Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now seeking nominations for the fifth cohort of the Leading Women@Tech program. An Update from Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) is leading Tech’s effort in collaboration with units across the campus. Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Opens This year’s Faces of Inclusive Excellence publication will recognize faculty, staff, and students at the 12th Annual Diversity Symposium on September 9, 2020. Commitment to Drive Change Archie Ervin shares his thoughts on the recent deaths of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and Ahmaud Arbury and racial injustice in ‘Commitment to Drive Change.' Fourth Cohort Complete Leading Women@Tech Program The fourth iteration of the Leading Women@Tech program hosted a virtual closing conversation on April 24. Board of Regents Approves Georgia Tech’s New Mission Statement The University System of Georgia Board of Regents (BOR) has approved Georgia Tech’s updated mission statement. Diversity Champion Awards Nominations Now Open Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now accepting nominations for the Diversity Champion Awards: Accessibility Champions. Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Open to Select Fourth Cohort The Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program at Georgia Tech is now accepting applications for its fourth cohort. Pinar Keskinocak on the Coronavirus Pandemic and the Benefits of Social Distancing As the coronavirus pandemic (also known as COVID-19) continues to spread in U.S. cities and around the world, experts are sharing their advice to help determine a safe path forward. Jackson-Truitt Named Inaugural Director of Diversity and Inclusion Education Training Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion has named Tia Jackson-Truitt as its inaugural director of Diversity and Inclusion Education and Training. CHHS Director Pinar Keskincak Makes News Around The US Third Pod Presents: Sci & Tell – Kim Cobb, Standing Up for Women in Science American Geophysical Union, Apr 1, 2020 Optimizing the Flu Vaccine Supply Chain for Maximum Impact ISyE Professor Pinar Keskinocak and her team have developed a model that better matches flu vaccine supply with actual regional demand. Strategic Plan Draft Available for Review, Application Period Open for Phase Two Working Groups Thousands of people focused on the future of Georgia Tech by helping us complete phase one — visioning and drafting — of Georgia Tech’s strategic planning process. Now, the process moves into the goal-setting phase that will include an opportunity for review and input from the Georgia Tech community. Mary Frank Fox Elected AAAS Section Chair Mary Frank Fox, ADVANCE Professor in the School of Public Policy, has been elected Chair of the Social, Economic and Political Sciences Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. 2020 Adaptive Leadership Workshop Applications Open Through December 13 The Adaptive Leadership Workshop is designed to provide tenured and non-tenure track faculty and staff members with an understanding of concepts that will enhance leadership abilities and more. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Sixth Consecutive Year Georgia Tech has received the 2019 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award from INSIGHT Into Diversity magazine. This is the sixth consecutive year the Institute has been a recipient of the award. Oct 16-17 Sexual Harassment Awareness Brown Bag Lunch & Learn Join a panel of Georgia Tech subject-matter experts as they discussion sexual harassment awareness at the Institute. Implicit Bias Workshops Return for Faculty Fall Semester Institute Diversity and Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, in collaboration with the Office of the Vice Provost for Graduate Education and Faculty Development, are offering four Implicit Bias Workshops to faculty this fall. Title IX Office Offers Training to Protect Campus Community With a new school year on the horizon, the Institute would like to remind employees of Georgia Tech’s and the University System of Georgia’s (USG’s) Sexual Misconduct Policies as well as certain employees’ responsibility as mandatory reporters. Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology Celebrates 20 Years at Georgia Tech The Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Techology and its faculty its faculty organizers have played key roles in inspiring Georgia Tech’s learning communities, the Institute’s first undergraduate student-faculty research program, the WST Distinguished Lecture, and in Georgia Tech’s participation in the National Science Foundation’s ADVANCE Institutional Transformation program. Updated Faculty Position Advertising Template Advances Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion The effort to update the existing template is a closer alignment of the language in faculty hiring ads with the institution’s goals. Diversity, Inclusion Fellows Celebrate Second Cohort A pilot program seeking to build a network of ambassadors in support of inclusive excellence celebrated the completion of its second group of fellows this month at the Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Poster Expo. Stronger Together Through its ADVANCE program, Georgia Tech is working to increase representation and advancement of women in academic, science and engineering careers. Institute Diversity and Academic Effectiveness Release Report from the Faculty and Staff Climate Assessment Surveys Georgia Tech Receives the INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Fifth Consecutive Year Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens to Select Third Cohort ADVANCE Program’s ‘Demystifying How Georgia Tech Works’ Events Focus on Ethics, Sponsored Research, and Professional Development This Fall Regents Recognition for Five Georgia Tech Faculty Members The University System of Georgia (USG)'s Board of Regents has appointed four Georgia Tech faculty members as Regents Professors, and one as a Regents Researcher. Second Cohort of 78 Staff and Faculty Graduate as ‘Culture Champions’ from the Inclusive Leaders Academy CASE Honors Georgia Tech’s Diversity Programs with the Circle of Excellence Awards for Two Consecutive Years Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Starts Q&A with Mary Frank Fox: Time to Ditch the Leaky Pipeline Model Nature-Index, May 30, 2018 Science, Technology, and Gender: A Sociologist’s Quest for Equality American Association for the Advancement of Science, May 14, 2018 Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens Georgia Tech Launches Global Change Program Kim Cobb is selected to lead the program, which will coordinate and grow educational and research activities focused on providing solutions and creating economic opportunities at the intersection of global change, climate change, and energy. Second Cohort of 126 Staff and Faculty Engages in the Inclusive Leaders Academy This Semester Black History Month Lecture Keynote Speaker Angela Rye Discusses the Impact of #MeToo and the Need for ‘Working Woke’ Additional Implicit Bias Workshops Offered for Tenured and Tenure-Track Faculty This Semester Campus Community Members Encouraged to Share Their Stories Through the Transformative Narratives Initiative MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Joy-Ann Reid Shares Insights on the Past, Present, and Future of Nonviolent Political Protest First Cohort of Faculty, Staff, and Students Complete Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Fox Elected AAAS Fellow Mary Frank Fox, ADVANCE professor in the School of Public Policy, was recently elected to the rank of fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). She was also elected to the AAAS Committee on Nominations who determine the slate for elections of the organization's president-elect, board of directors, and the AAAS Council executive committee. Four Years Later: Measuring Progress on Campus Inclusivity Diversity Is Only the Beginning Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens Ninth Annual Diversity Symposium Focuses on Building Inclusive Communities, Explores the Impact and Implications of Race and Class INSIGHT Into Diversity Honors Georgia Tech with the HEED Award for Four Consecutive Years Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force More Than 120 Staff Leaders Join First Class of the Inclusive Leaders Academy ISyE William W. George Chair Pinar Keskinocak Selected as COE Interim Associate Dean Dr. Keskinocak, George Professor in the Stewart School of Industrial & Systems Engineering (ISyE), has been named as interim associate dean for faculty development and scholarship in the College of Engineering (CoE) Dean’s Office, effective July 1. Cobb and Toktay Take Carbon Reduction Challenge from Class to Co-op Earth and Atmospheric Sciences Professor Kim Cobb program is collaborating with College of Business Professor Beril Toktay to extend the reach of the Carbon Reduction Challenge. Toktay is the faculty director of the Ray C. Anderson Center for Sustainable Business. Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Opens LGBTQIA Resource Center Presents Fifth Annual Lavender Graduation and Third Annual Lavender Awards Fox Receives Ivan Allen College Distinguished Faculty Researcher Award Mary Frank Fox, an ADVANCE Professor in the Ivan Allen College School of Public Policy, is the recipient Ivan Allen College Distinguished Faculty Researcher Award. Fox Receives Undergraduate SGA Faculty of the Year Award Mary Frank Fox, an ADVANCE Professor in the Ivan Allen College School of Public Policy, has been awarded the 2017 Faculty of the Year Award by the Georgia Tech Undergraduate Student Government Association (SGA). Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Launches to Crowdsource Ideas That Improve Campus Inclusivity Computing Professor Pushes Beyond the 'Persona of Teacher' Dana Randall shares classroom strategies and advice for new faculty in this profile originally published in The Whistle, April 3. Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Nearly Three Hundred Faculty Participate in Implicit Bias Workshops to Date Fox Elected to AAAS Electorate Nominating Committee Mary Frank Fox, ADVANCE Professor in the Ivan Allen College School of Public Policy, has been elected to the Electorate Nominating Committee of the Section on Social, Economic, and Political Sciences of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). Black History Month Lecturer Janet Mock Explores the Rewards, Challenges, and Implications of Being Black and Trans 100 Students, Faculty, and Staff Tour Civil Rights Sites in the Nation’s Capital During MLK Weekend MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Discusses the Agenda for the Next Civil Rights Movement GT Computing Faculty, Students Participate in IEEE/WIE Women's Leadership Summit Fox Receives Gender Equity Champion Award at the Eighth Annual Diversity Symposium Mary Frank Fox, ADVANCE Professor in the Ivan Allen College School of Public Policy and co-director of the Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology, received the Gender Equity Champion Award at Georgia Tech’s Eighth Annual Diversity Symposium on September 16. Institute Diversity Honors Four Gender Equity Champions at the Eighth Annual Diversity Symposium Five Women Receive Leadership Excellence Awards at the Diversity Symposium Reception Workshops Explore Issues of Innate Bias In collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, Institute Diversity has been offering 90-minute workshops to address the concepts of implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Georgia Tech to Implement 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Over the Next Two Years Gender Equity Conversations Move to Phase of Action Institute Diversity will manage the implementation of a set of recommendations that came from recent conversations with women on campus. A working group will review progress quarterly. President to Initiate Discussion Groups on Inclusiveness and Gender Equity at Tech Opportunity to better understand the experiences and challenges unique to women at Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Focuses on America’s State of Change Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login