Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About Overview Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program seeks to develop systemic and institutional approaches that increase the representation, full participation, and advancement of women and minorities in academic STEM careers—thus contributing to a more diverse workforce, locally and nationally. From 2001 to 2007, our ADVANCE Program was one of nine institutions to receive an NSF Institutional Transformation award in the first cohort of awardees. Today, the ADVANCE Program is now institutionalized at Georgia Tech, and it extends across all six Colleges by taking an integrated approach to the advancement of women faculty and minorities in academia. Goals: Build and sustain an inter-college network of ADVANCE Program professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women faculty and minorities in academia. Initiate policy and structure toward equity and transparency in the reappointment, tenure, and promotion process through clarity of documents and practices, and awareness of bias in evaluation. Strengthen the scope and impact of productivity and livability practices for faculty at Georgia Tech. Create effective partnerships within and across colleges through liaisons with Deans and through the Equity, Diversity, and Excellence Initiative. Key Initiatives: Equity, Diversity, and Excellence Initiative (EDEI) – Focuses on four areas—mentoring, transparency, bias awareness, and accountability—to help foster a diverse pool of talent, create an inclusive and equitable work climate, and support the career growth of existing faculty at all levels. Implicit Bias Workshops – Offers workshops for faculty focused on innate associations and perceptions of competence. Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login