Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site WST Lrn C dinner with Dr. Ece Erdogmus, College of Design Date(s):February 6, 2023, 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm Location:Atlanta, GA Please join Dr. Ece Erdogmus, Professor and Chair at the School of Building Construction in the College of Design at Georgia Institute of Technology, for dinner and in-person discussion about her career, research, and opportunities for women in construction. Dr, Erdogmus’ research expertise covers assessment and rehabilitation of historical and existing structures; masonry design and analysis, and STEM education research assessing the impact of virtual/augmented reality technology on student engagement and diversity-awareness. Erdogmus has been the principal investigator on numerous external grants, including National Science Foundation, Nebraska Department of Transportation and National Park Service. She has nearly 100 technical articles published in a variety of peer-reviewed journals and proceedings. She has been recently awarded, as the Principal Investigator (PI), a new $1.7 Million NSF grant titled “Virtual/Augmented Discipline Exploration Rotations (VADERs) for Improved Engineering Student Engagement, Self-Efficacy, Diversity Awareness, and Retention”, which will kick off on 10/15/2021. This project, in partnership with University of Nebraska and Tennessee State University combines her passion for diversity and inclusion with high-quality, technology-driven, and industry supported undergraduate education. Prior to joining Georgia Tech, she was a professor and Associate Director at the Durham School of Architectural Engineering and Construction at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln. She has Ph.D. and M.S. degrees in Architectural Engineering (Structural) from the Pennsylvania State University and a Bachelor’s degree in Architecture from the Middle East Technical University in Turkey. She is a licensed Professional (Civil/Structural) Engineer. She has numerous teaching awards including a national recognition as the 2019 Architectural Engineering Educator of the year. Erdogmus is an active member of TMS serving as the Chair for the Structural Members subcommittee of the Masonry Code and Specifications Committee (TMS402/602), member of the Technical Activities Committee, and chair of the upcoming international 14th North American Masonry Conference (June 2023). Note: Interested GT students who do not reside in the WST Lrn C should email carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu if they would like to attend. Contact For More Information carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu Menu Block: WST Events Current Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2023 Georgia Institute of Technology