Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Resources Mentoring A faculty mentor is generally defined as a person or people who facilitate the development of a junior faculty member through counseling and advice; the provision of support; and through the sponsorship, advocacy, and promotion of the career of the mentee. Mentoring can be used to share ideas, develop departmental relationships, and help integrate newer faculty into the university community. There are many considerations in creating the best mentoring environment for faculty, including: Models for Mentoring Tips for Mentors Tips for Mentees Topics of Discussion for Mentoring Pairs See also links for additional resources and references. Effective mentoring positively impacts retention and tenure rates.1 Being part of an active formal and informal network of peers plays a key role in the process of academic integration along the higher education pipeline.2 Mentoring provides sponsorship, visibility, and challenges for a mentee.3 It also provides psychosocial benefits by enhancing a mentee’s sense of competence and effectiveness.4 Junior faculty who collaborate with established scientists are also more likely to become more productive researchers.5 See Fox and Fanesca’s (2006) pioneering work on mentoring faculty in science and engineering. Mentoring: Facilitates the understanding of the unspoken and "tacit" knowledge about the culture of scientific and academic achievement. Assists in the development and sustainment of a productive research program in the short time frame for promotion between assistant and associate professor. Helps navigate any changes that may occur in the academic setting, which may include changes in: Requirements for productivity. Competency development to bolster institutional profile. External scrutiny and evaluation of academic departments and faculty members. 1 Cooper, 2006; Dooris and Guidos, 2006; Ambrose et al., 2005; Daly and Dee, 2006. 2 Girves, Zepada, and Gwathmey, 2005, Stenken & Zajicek, 2010. 3 Kram, 1988. 4 Higgins and Kram, 2001. 5 Bland, et. al., 2009. Additional references: Savage, Karp, and Logue, 2004; Blake Beard et. al., 2011; Carey, et. al., 2010. Rosser, 2006. More Links › Models for Mentoring › Tips for Mentors › Tips for Mentees › Topics of Discussion for Mentoring Pairs › Additional Resources Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login