Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Policies Contract and Grant Compliance Institute Policies Title IX At Georgia Tech, we want everyone to achieve their potential and this means sustaining an environment where there is equal opportunity for excellence. Title IX is a federal law designed to ensure all people, regardless of sex, are provided equal access to programs and activities at educational institutions that receive federal financial assistance. Our policies and practices are anchored in this law, which fosters a culture of inclusivity on campus and provides everyone with a competitive and successful academic or employment experience. Every member of the Tech community -- students, faculty, staff, and administrators -- is expected to comply with Title IX and to practice respectful, ethical, and equitable treatment of others regardless of their sex. Georgia Tech has a Title IX Coordinator who serves as a resource for the Tech community and helps shape campus assessments and policies. Questions about the federal law as it relates to Georgia Tech should be directed to the Title IX Coordinator. Any alleged violations of Title IX or grievances should be reported immediately and will be treated in as confidential a manner as permitted under the law. Title IX complaints can be filed at this link. For more information, visit titleix.gatech.edu and/or policylibrary.gatech.edu/student-life/sexual-misconduct. To report a Title IX/Sexual Misconduct complaint, go online at https://gatech-gme-advocate.symplicity.com/titleix_report/index.php/pid610774. To report all other grievances, including fraud, waste and abuse, you may either call 1-866-384-4277 or file a report online at secure.ethicspoint.com/domain/media/en/gui/7508/index.html Equal Opportunity, Non-Discrimination, and Anti-Harassment Georgia Tech provides equal opportunity to all faculty, staff, students, and all other members of the Georgia Tech community, including applicants for admission and/or employment, contractors, volunteers, and participants in institutional programs, activities, or services. Georgia Tech complies with all applicable laws and regulations governing equal opportunity in the workplace and in educational activities. Georgia Tech prohibits discrimination, including discriminatory harassment, on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or veteran status in its programs, activities, employment, and admissions. This prohibition applies to faculty, staff, students, and all other members of the Georgia Tech community, including affiliates, invitees, and guests. As a federal contractor, it is also Georgia Tech’s policy to take affirmative actions to employ and to advance in employment all persons regardless of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, marital status, disability, genetics, or protected veteran status, and to base all employment decisions only on valid job requirements. This policy shall apply to all employment actions, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, upgrading, promotion, transfer, demotion, layoff, recall, termination, rates of pay or other forms of compensation, and selection for training, including apprenticeship, at all levels of employment. Georgia Tech makes reasonable accommodations for the disabilities of qualified employees, students, and applicants. Please see Georgia Tech’s Disability Services website below for student ADA accommodations; see also Georgia Tech’s Human Resources Disability Services. Georgia Tech’s Equal Opportunity, Nondiscrimination, and Anti-Harassment Policy outlines the process for reporting, investigating, and resolving claims of discrimination, including discriminatory harassment, and retaliation. Discriminatory harassment of any person or group of persons on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, sexual orientation, or veteran status is prohibited. Any employee, student, student organization, or person privileged to work or to study at the Georgia Institute of Technology who violates this policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including permanent exclusion from the Institute. Every member of the Institute community is expected to uphold this policy. Faculty, students, and staff at all levels are responsible for maintaining an appropriate environment for study and work. This includes conducting themselves in a professional manner. Toward this end, the Georgia Institute of Technology supports the principle that harassment represents a failure in professional and ethical behavior that will not be condoned. This policy and procedure is intended to facilitate an atmosphere in which, faculty staff, and students have the right to raise the issue of discriminatory harassment without fear of retaliation and to ensure that violations are fully remedied. No member of the of the Georgia Tech Community will be retaliated against for making a good faith report of alleged harassment or for participating in an investigation, proceeding, or hearing. Recruitment and Hiring Acquiring the right talent at the right time is critical to the success of any organization, and Georgia Tech is no exception. The process by which to identify, attract, and hire talent can be complex yet must be strategic. The recruitment team at Georgia Tech can provide you with the best options to onboard top talent for your department. Resources are available for managers to understand the employee's entire employment cycle to include recruitment of talent. Georgia Tech offers extraordinary opportunities for extraordinary individuals who wish to make a difference at a university whose vision is to be an international technological leader. Contract and Grant Compliance As a Georgia Tech employee, you are expected to review and comply with all Institute policies. Human resource has staff members that are available to assist you in the explanation and interpretation of Georgia Tech's policies and procedures. Please take time to review the Human Resources Policy Manual. Persons with Disabilities As a state employee, Georgia Tech resources are available to ensure that individuals with disabilities have an equal opportunity to pursue education or employment and to have access to campus programs, activities, or services. If you are faculty, staff, or a visitor and you have a disability and need assistance with your normal job functions, a variety of accommodations are available. First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Georgia Tech holds the first amendment guarantees of freedom of speech, freedom of expression, and the right to assemble peaceably as an essential cornerstone to the advancement of knowledge and the right of a free people. Georgia Tech remains firmly committed to affording every member of the Institute community the opportunity to engage in peaceful and orderly exercise of these rights. Such opportunities must be provided on an equal basis and support the principle that the Institute should remain neutral to the views of public expression. In order to achieve this objective, while at the same time ensuring that the Institute fulfills its educational mission, the Institute has the responsibility to maintain a peaceful, safe environment for its campus community as well as visitors to campus. This policy will help to ensure that individuals’ or groups’ rights are not abridged, while also supporting a means to maintain safety. Assuming responsibility for the use of Institute facilities includes ensuring that the Institute does not restrict the First Amendment rights of the public, students, staff, and faculty, including protecting the rights of speakers to be heard, the rights of the Institute community to hear speakers, and the reputation of the Institute as a center for free speech and scholarly inquiry. The law permits reasonable time, place, and manner restrictions to allow for reasonable regulation of use of campus facilities to support Institutional missions for teaching, education, research, and other forms of learning. This policy is intended to make it possible to support the Institute’s goals by implementing balanced procedures. Access to the campus of Georgia Tech generally shall be limited to authorized visitors, invited guests, and persons in an official Institutional capacity attending an officially recognized campus-oriented function or activity. Students, faculty, staff, and Institute affiliates are supported in their right to assemble. They can publicly assemble on campus in any place where, at the time of the assembly, the persons assembling are permitted to be. This right to assemble is subject to the rules on use of Institute facilities.https://policylibrary.gatech.edu/faculty-handbook/5.2.1-additional-provisions-freedom-speech-freedom-expression-and-right-peaceful. Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login