Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News & Events News IDEI News News Eddie Glaude Jr. Provides Insights into Dr. King’s Life and Legacy in Annual MLK Lecture January 20, 2023 The New York Times Bestselling Author spoke with attendees on Thursday, January 12. The New York Times Bestselling Author spoke with attendees on Thursday, January 12. Lewis Named Assistant Provost for Academic Diversity and Inclusion at Notre Dame January 10, 2023 She will begin her position February 1. She will begin her position February 1. Building the Beloved Community: Celebrating the Life and Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. November 28, 2022 Georgia Tech will celebrate the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. with its annual MLK Celebration in January Georgia Tech will celebrate the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. with its annual MLK Celebration in January. New Events and Initiatives Promote Transparency and Promotion in Equity and Compliance November 1, 2022 Equity and Compliance Programs is releasing an inaugural annual report to highlight some of the work the office has done in the past year. 50 Years of Title IX continues this month with the launch of the first annual report from the Office of Equity and Compliance Programs and several events highlighting the impact of the landmark federal ruling, including a Conversation with Cabrera featuring Sherry Boschert. Georgia Tech and the University of Puerto Rico researchers collaborate to broaden participation of Latinx students in computing October 24, 2022 Researchers are hoping to increase representation in computer science fields through an innovative informal learning curriculum using EarSketch. The research project, called “Collaborative Research Broadening Participation of Latinx Students in Computer Science by Integrating Culturally Relevant Computational Music Practices,” is part of a $2.9 million National Science Foundation grant the two institutions received in 2020 for the four-year study that takes place simultaneously in Georgia and Puerto Rico schools. Leading Women@Tech Introduces Newest Cohort for Sixth Annual Program October 18, 2022 Twenty-six women from across the Institute make up the sixth cohort of the Institute's premier leadership development program for women. Twenty-six women from across the Institute make up the sixth cohort of the Institute's premier leadership development program for women. Black Student Organizations Celebrate Homecoming October 4, 2022 These events empower and bring together the African American community on campus. These events empower and bring together the African American community on campus. Georgia Tech Honored with Higher Education Excellence in Diversity Award for Ninth Consecutive Year September 28, 2022 For the ninth year in a row, Georgia Tech has been honored with the Higher Education Excellence in Diversity award from INSIGHT into Diversity. For the ninth year in a row, Georgia Tech has been honored with the Higher Education Excellence in Diversity award from INSIGHT into Diversity. 2022 Diversity Symposium Explores Invisible Barriers to Belonging September 28, 2022 The 2022 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium explored the illusion of inclusion and the invisible barriers that some students, faculty, and staff face when trying to find belonging at Georgia Tech. The 2022 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium explored the illusion of inclusion and the invisible barriers that some students, faculty, and staff face when trying to find belonging at Georgia Tech. Building Belonging and Community: Meet the 2022 Diversity Champions September 27, 2022 Each fall, one Georgia Tech faculty member, staff member, student, and campus unit are recognized as Diversity Champions at the annual Diversity Symposium. Each fall, one Georgia Tech faculty member, staff member, student, and campus unit are recognized as Diversity Champions at the annual Diversity Symposium. Explore the 2022 Georgia Tech Annual Reports September 1, 2022 The 2022 President's Report and Research Report showcase our work and achievements over the past year. We invite the Georgia Tech community to experience and share our complementary digital annual reports, which highlight our work and achievements in academics, research, campus life, and community engagement over the past year. Battling Bias Implicit Bias Education Returns to Campus for 2022-23 August 19, 2022 Georgia Tech is supporting its commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion by expanding the curricula of implicit bias education for faculty and staff. Georgia Tech is supporting its commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion by expanding the curricula of implicit bias education for faculty and staff. Georgia Tech’s Newest ADVANCE Professor: Jean Lynch-Stieglitz August 9, 2022 Lynch-Stieglitz will continue efforts to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia through advocacy, advising, awareness, and data-driven recommendations for faculty retention, advancement, and satisfaction. School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences Professor Jean Lynch-Stieglitz will continue efforts to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia through advocacy, advising, awareness, and data-driven recommendations for faculty retention, advancement, and satisfaction. OMED Receives Grant to Create Equitable Outcomes in Education and Employment July 26, 2022 The Office of Minority Educational Development (OMED) received a $250,000 grant to expand its programming to support underrepresented students beyond degree completion. 14th Annual Diversity Symposium To Highlight Invisible Barriers to Inclusion July 14, 2022 The 2022 program will take place on Wednesday, September 14 in the John Lewis Student Center Atlantic Theater The 2022 program will take place on Wednesday, September 14 in the John Lewis Student Center Atlantic Theater. Thirty-Five Employees Graduate from the Sixth Cohort of Inclusive Leaders Academy June 21, 2022 “Culture Champions” Number Almost 450 at Georgia Tech The sixth cohort of the Inclusive Leaders Academy recently celebrated the completion of the program, joining nearly 450 Culture Champions who have also completed the curriculum. Inclusive STEM Teaching Fellows Program Highlights Commitment to Inclusion and Innovation June 9, 2022 A collaboration between the Colleges of Computing, Engineering, and Sciences, along with the Center for Teaching and Learning and Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion helps faculty members adopt and advance inclusive teaching practices. A collaboration between the Colleges of Computing, Engineering, and Sciences, along with the Center for Teaching and Learning and Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion helps faculty members adopt and advance inclusive teaching practices. Juneteenth Celebration to be Held on June 17 June 9, 2022 The Office of Minority Educational Development and Student Diversity Programs will host the second annual Juneteenth Celebration on Friday, June 17 from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the GT Connector. The Office of Minority Educational Development and Student Diversity Programs will host the second annual Juneteenth Celebration on Friday, June 17 from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the GT Connector. Celebrating Pride Month June 8, 2022 June is designated Pride Month for the LGBTQIA community to celebrate culture and community. June is designated Pride Month for the LGBTQIA community to celebrate culture and community. Leading Women@Tech Seeks Nominations for 2022 Cohort May 23, 2022 Nominations for the sixth cohort are due by June 13. Nominations for the sixth cohort are due by June 13. Next Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login