Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Events Events Jan 9-29 2023 MLK Celebration The 2023 MLK celebrations will include various virtual and in-person educational programs and service opportunities to encourage active participation from the campus and nearby community. Jan 29 From Darkness to Light - My Holocaust Journey Born in Budapest, Hungary, Robert Ratonyi was only 6 years old parents were taken in a Jewish round-up. This is a unique opportunity and a once-in-a-lifetime experience to hear the first-person account of a Holocaust survivor's story. Feb 1 D&I Training: Brave Dialogues - February 1, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop introduces participants to Intergroup Dialogue and the Brave Spaces framework. Feb 3 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - February 3, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Feb 15 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - February 15, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Feb 16 D&I Training: For the Greater Good - February 16, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop creates a space for participants to reflect on their social identities and the intersection of identities Feb 20 D&I Training: Addressing Microaggressions - February 20, 2023 This 90-minute workshop is open to faculty, staff, and students to learn about microaggressions and strategies to address them. Feb 23 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - February 23, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Mar 1 D&I Training: Implicit Bias and Search Committees - March 1, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop is geared toward research faculty, instructional faculty, academic professionals, and other staff members serving on search, hiring, and promotion committees. Mar 6 D&I Training: For the Greater Good - March 6, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop creates a space for participants to reflect on their social identities and the intersection of identities. Mar 7 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - March 7, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Mar 14 D&I Training: Brave Dialogues - March 14, 2023 This 90-minute workshop introduces participants to Intergroup Dialogue and the Brave Spaces framework. Mar 15 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - March 15, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Mar 20-24 Spring Break No classes, assignments, or assessments. Mar 29 D&I Training: Brave Dialogues - March 29, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop is open to faculty, staff, and students to learn about microaggressions and strategies to address them. Apr 4 D&I Training: Implicit Bias and Search Committees - April 4, 2023 This 90-minute workshop is geared toward research faculty, instructional faculty, academic professionals, and other staff members serving on search, hiring, and promotion committees. Apr 12 D&I Training: For the Greater Good - April 12, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop creates a space for participants to reflect on their social identities and the intersection of identities. Apr 20 D&I Training: Brave Dialogues - April 20, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop introduces participants to Intergroup Dialogue and the Brave Spaces framework. Apr 24 D&I Training: Addressing Microaggressions - April 24, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop is open to faculty, staff, and students to learn about microaggressions and strategies to address them. May 29 Memorial Day - Campus Closed Campus will close to observe the Memorial Day holiday. Classes will not meet. Jun 19 Juneteenth - Campus Closed Campus will close in observance of Juneteenth National Independence Day Jun 29 Eid Al-Adha An Islamic "feast of the sacrifice." Jul 4 Independence Day Observance Georgia Tech will be closed on July 4 in observance of Independence Day. Sep 15-17 Rosh Hashanah Observing the Jewish New Year Sep 24-25 Yom Kippur Jewish Day of Atonement. Sep 29 to Oct 6 Sukkot Jewish holiday with agricultural origins. Nov 11 to Nov 11 Veterans Day National holiday commemorating those who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces. Nov 22 Thanksgiving Break - No Classes Classes will not meet the Wednesday before Thanksgiving, but campus remains open. Dec 7 Hanukkah Begins Beginning of an eight-day Jewish holiday that commemorates the rededication of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem. Dec 15 Hanukkah Ends End of an eight-day Jewish holiday that commemorates the rededication of the Holy Temple in Jerusalem. Dec 26 to Jan 1 Kwanzaa A week-long holiday honoring African culture and traditions Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login