Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Initiatives Adaptive Leadership Workshop Sponsored by Georgia Tech's ADVANCE Program since spring 2016, the Advance Leadership Workshop is designed to provide tenured or non-tenure track faculty and staff members with an understanding of concepts and models that will enhance leadership competencies. Facilitated by Bob Thomas, professor of the practice and director of leadership education at the Institute for Leadership and Entrepreneurship, the workshop sessions provide an overview of the tools and techniques of adaptive leadership, understanding ours and other’s immunity to change, the philosophy of servant leadership and a framework for identifying and understanding individual values. In addition, Leadership Development Groups will be formed during the workshop sessions – consisting of four participants each. As a participant, you should be willing to meet with your Leadership Development Group between sessions. Goals Provide participants with an understanding of the Adaptive Leadership Model. Enhance participants' skills in applying the model to leadership challenges. Explores Kegan’s Immunity to Change model Expose participants to the philosophy of servant leadership Provide a developmental framework for identifying individual values Build and strengthen community amongst participants. Leadership Challenge Statement The assignment is to write a one-page leadership challenge/dilemma. The challenge should be one that is current, unresolved, complex, and significant to you, your workplace, or some other organization in which you are engaged. Your leadership challenge/dilemma should be one that you are willing to discuss with your Leadership Development Group; one which will have a material impact on you and your organization’s performance and success in the coming years; one in which you believe you would like to have a significant impact; and one in which you are open to alternative possibilities for action and are willing to receive advice from other members of your Leadership Development Group. (You do not need to reveal the identities of any individuals or groups involved in your challenge.) The description should include the following: Describe your leadership dilemma. What actions, if any, have you taken to address this challenge? What are the perspectives of the other stakeholders involved in this issue? What do they stand to gain or lose if progress is made? What is your goal in resolving this challenge? What benefits would it provide to you and/or your organization? Selection Process The selection will be based on i) ensuring diversity of participation from across Colleges and ranks, and ii) ensuring some level of similarity and complementarity in Leadership Development Group compositions. Recommended Reading Leadership on the Line: Staying Alive Through the Dangers of Leading, Ronald Heifetz and Marty Linsky, Harvard Business School Press, 2002 Servant Leadership: A Journey into the Nature of Legitimate Power & Greatness, Robert K. Greenleaf, Paulist Press, 2002. Immunity to Change: How to overcome it and unlock the potential in yourself and your organization. Robert Kegan & Lisa Lahey, Harvard Business School Press, 2009. Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login