Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site WST Lrn C virtual meeting with Dr. Keona Lewis Date(s):March 27, 2023, 6:00 pm - 7:00 pm Location:Zoom meeting Dr. Keona Lewis, Assistant Provost for Academic DEI and Professor of the Practice in the Center for Social Concern, University of Notre Dame (as of February 1, 2023), will discuss her career and her research during a Zoom meeting. Until January 2023, Dr. Lewis served as the associate director for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) Research and Evaluation at Georgia Tecb. Working directly with Archie Ervin, Georgia Tech vice president for IDEI, she oversaw all research, program assessment, and evaluation for the unit. Lewis earned her doctoral degree in applied anthropology from the University of South Florida, where she focused on human variation, the social construction of race and its various impacts on the human condition. She has worked as an adjunct professor teaching both anthropology and criminology courses as well as created student programming that increased access and opportunities for underrepresented students in STEM. She is an educator and mentor having worked with students at all levels including both high and lower-achieving students. Her current research interests include ethnicity and education, with specific concentration on African American identity construction and academic and professional aspirations. Note: Interested GT students who do not reside in the WST Lrn C should email carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu if they would like to attend this Zoom meeting. Contact For More Information carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu Menu Block: WST Events Current Events Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2023 Georgia Institute of Technology