Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Georgia Tech has established a comprehensive package to support Hispanic/Latino students through a permanent scholarship endowment. The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund at Georgia Tech was made possible by The Goizueta Foundation, established by Roberto C. Goizueta, the late CEO and chairman of the board of directors of The Coca-Cola Company. The scholarship is designed to increase the number of students of Hispanic/Latino origin who enroll at Georgia Tech to pursue their undergraduate degrees. Eligibility Requirements Must be of Hispanic/Latino heritage with family residing in the United States (i.e., not an international student planning to move abroad upon graduation). Must submit the Georgia Tech application for admission postmarked by January 6. Must be accepted for admission to Georgia Tech as a first-year student to enroll in the summer or fall. All scholarship winners will start receiving Goizueta funds in the fall semester. The Scholarship online application and essay are Here Must submit The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship at Georgia Tech essay and application by March 1 to OHI. Must submit a complete application for financial aid, including a FAFSA processed by the U.S. Department of Education and Georgia Tech Application for Scholarships and Financial Aid, and CSS Profile to the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid by January 31. Scholarship is open to all majors. Selection Criteria SAT or ACT Scores* High School GPA* Leadership and Activity Record* Personal Statement* The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship at Georgia Tech essay The Scholarship online application and essay are Here Financial Need (as determined by the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid) *Scores from these four elements are obtained from the Georgia Tech application for admission. Scholarship Awards Four-year or eight-term renewable (based upon students’ satisfactory academic performance, progress towards their degrees, and participation in events and activities sponsored by OHI). Merit- and need-based. May be held in addition to any other scholarship (e.g., HOPE, Stamps President’s Scholarship, etc.). Must maintain a 3.0 GPA while at Georgia Tech. Must be a full-time student at Georgia Tech. The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund at Georgia Tech provides an annual award disbursed in two payments during the academic year. Scholars' Involvement and Participation Welcome reception for The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship recipients Luncheons with distinguished Hispanic/Latino faculty Projects (e.g., leadership conferences and community service) Other events and activities sponsored by OHI Meet the Director Learn more about the director of OHI, and please contact Jorge Breton for any questions about our programs and events. Learn More Student Spotlights Check out the spotlights of some of The Goizueta Foundation Scholars and Fellows. Read Spotlights Read the Brochure Learn more about our goals, programs, and events in this informative brochure. Read Brochure Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login