Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. GTRI Research Faculty should register for a GTRI Implicit Bias workshop via Quest LMS. Please contact Organizational Development Manager Sarah Cockrell (sarah.cockrell@gtri.gatech.edu) or Course Facilitator Akida Nurse (Akida.Nurse@gtri.gatech.edu). Overview Pursuant to Provost McLaughlin's July 2021 memo to academic leaders, all faculty who serve on reappointment, promotion, and/or tenure committees, and faculty search committees are required to participate in an implicit bias workshop. In addition, beginning this year, faculty participating in search and evaluation processes should refresh their implicit bias training every three years at a minimum. If you participated in an implicit bias workshop within the past three years (Fall 2019-Spring 2022), you are exempt from this requirement until Spring 2023 at the earliest (depending upon the semester and year of previous training). If you have not participated in an implicit bias workshop since Spring 2019, you are now due to retake it. We invite you to register to participate in one of six workshops scheduled this fall. All workshops are held from 12 p.m. to 1:30 p.m. Space is limited, and registration is required to attend: Wednesday, January 25 Friday, February 3 Wednesday, February 15 Thursday, February 23 Tuesday, March 7 Wednesday, March 15 Friday, March 31 If a session reaches maximum capacity, registration for the respective date will automatically close on the registration site but will reappear upon cancellations. Should your schedule change and you can no longer attend a workshop, please contact us as soon as possible at institutediversity@gatech.edu so we can release your seat. Also, please note that we now offer implicit bias workshops annually for academic, research faculty, and staff through our Diversity and Inclusion Education and Training division. These workshops focus on bias in workplace dynamics and processes like searches, hiring, and promotion. The Implicit Bias and Search Committees training does satisfy requirements for those who serve on hiring/promotion committees. As a participant in the workshop, you will learn the following: An introduction to the concept of implicit bias and how these unconscious, automatic mental processes may impact behaviors such as evaluating candidates during faculty search and/or RPT processes Empirical research on vitae, letters of recommendations, and teaching evaluations to illustrate the impact of implicit bias on decisions Effective practices and strategies for faculty search and RPT committees. Workshop Facilitators: Robert Kirkman Associate Professor School of Public Policy Paul Benkeser (Faculty Lead) Senior Associate Chair and Professor Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering Michelle Rinehart Vice Provost for Faculty Georgia Tech Mark Mitchell Associate Director Georgia Tech Research Institute Questions about workshops? Contact Diley Hernández, Ph.D., at diley.hernandez@gatech.edu. Questions about registration? Contact Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at institutediversity@gatech.edu. An implicit bias workshop on inter-college faculty hiring; promotion and tenure; and school advisory committees. Meet the Professors The ADVANCE Program builds and sustains an inter-college network of professors who are world-class researchers and role models to support the community and advancement of women and minorities in academia. Learn More Initiative Spotlight Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, in collaboration with Georgia Tech’s ADVANCE Program, offers 90-minute workshops for faculty focused on implicit bias and perceptions of competence. Learn More Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login