Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site Breadcrumb Home Overview The Georgia Tech Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) links issues in the study of science and technology with those of gender, culture, and society. Originally an outgrowth of the interdisciplinary Ivan Allen College undergraduate minor in Women, Science, and Technology, the Center is currently supported by Institute Diversity. The Center brings together faculty and students to address issues of gender, science, and technology in research and programmatic initiatives at institutional, national, and global levels. In key characteristics, the Center is interdisciplinary, cooperative, and collaborative, reaching across Georgia Tech and beyond to form partnerships and alliances with faculty, students, and administrators, as well as other universities. Affiliations The Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology is affiliated with the following organizations: National Council for Research on Women, a network of more than 100 leading U.S. research, advocacy, and policy centers. European Centre for Women and Technology, a European multi-stakeholder partnership representing high-level expertise in women and technology development. Goals The goals of the Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology are to: Initiate, expand, and enhance externally funded research on women, science, and technology. Establish and expand collaboration among faculty and between students and faculty through research and programmatic initiatives, as well as through joint ventures with related Georgia Tech programs. Enrich and establish the national prominence of Georgia Tech's interdisciplinary research programs focusing on gender, science, and technology. Provide and disseminate research-based practice and policy toward full and sustained participation and performance of women in scientific and technological education and careers through research publications, presentations, and electronic communications. Support the instruction and development of students through partnerships with faculty in WST research and programs such as the WST Learning Community partnership with Georgia Tech Housing. Link educators, researchers, entrepreneurs, and technologists with shared interest in improving human resources of both women and men for science and technology, thereby connecting Georgia Tech to education, industry, and government regionally, nationally, and internationally. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2022 Georgia Institute of Technology