Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Units and Initiatives Focused on the recruitment, retention, and advancement of underrepresented minority and women students, the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion houses the following units and initiatives: OHI – Provides programs and pathways to success for the Hispanic/Latino community, primarily current and prospective students and their families, faculty, and staff. OMED – Provides programs and pathways to success for traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, and Native American. WST – Develops initiatives and collaborations that promote faculty and student interaction around research and practices in STEM. Outreach Initiative – Assists Georgia Tech in discovering and developing its future pool of talented and diverse students. Focus – Encourages the nation’s best and brightest diverse students to pursue graduate studies and careers in academia. Intel Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer Rosalind L. Hudnell, Intel Scholars Michelle Collins and Sean Rodrigues, and former Georgia Tech President G.P. “Bud” Peterson connect at the Focus President’s Dinner. Since the program’s inception, more than 2,500 students from a wide array of colleges and universities across the U.S. have participated in Focus, and at least six Focus alumni have been hired into tenure-track positions at Georgia Tech. Office of Hispanic Initiatives (OHI) Provides programs and pathways to success for the Hispanic/Latino community, primarily current and prospective students and their families, faculty, and staff. Learn more OMED: Educational Services Provides programs and pathways to success for traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. Learn more Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) Develops initiatives and collaborations that promote women faculty and staff interaction around research and practices in STEM. Learn more Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login