Menu Undergraduate Admission Home Prepare for College Academics Visit Visit Georgia Tech Prepare for Your Visit Explore Atlanta Virtual Visits Apply First-Year Admission Transfer Admission International Applicants International First-Year Applicants International Transfer Applicants Other Programs Dual Enrollment Non-Degree Programs 62 and Older Program Counselors Contact Us Contact Us Submit Documents Join Mailing List Blog Check Status Previous Next The mission of the Office of Undergraduate Admission at Georgia Tech is to serve the Institute and educate constituents about Georgia Tech and the admission process with professionalism and authenticity. With that in mind, we are here to make sure you have all the information you need as you embark on your college search and proceed through the application process. Admission Process Learn more about our admission process and review important application deadlines. Select Applicant Type First-Year Applicant Transfer Applicant Non-Degree Dual Enrollment Visit Campus We offer a variety of in-person and virtual visit options for you to explore our campus and get to know the Tech community. Schedule a Visit Prepare for College Getting a head start on your college search? Our college planning resources will help you find your best-fit college. College Planning Resources Georgia Tech Admission Blog On our admission blog, we discuss all kinds of college admission topics and share advice/tips weekly to help you navigate your college search journey. Subscribe to the Blog Cost of Attendance Visit the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid’s website to review the tuition costs for Georgia Tech and explore available financial aid options. Costs and Financial Aid Diversity and Inclusion Diversity is one of Georgia Tech’s greatest strengths and one of the major priorities identified in the Institute’s strategic plan. Diversity Initiatives Why Georgia Tech? From diverse academic majors to study abroad programs and internships, Tech students, faculty and staff share what makes the Tech experience unique. Connect with Us Contact Us Directory Annual Safety Report Offices Campus Map Support/Give Download Adobe Acrobat Reader Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Human Trafficking Notice Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment ©2021 Georgia Institute of Technology This website uses cookies. For more information, review our Privacy & Legal Notice. Questions? Please email privacy@gatech.edu. OK