Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation ADVANCE Program Home About Overview IDEI Vice President's Welcome Meet the Professors Annual Reports Initiatives Implicit Bias Workshops Adaptive Leadership Workshop Events Archived Events News Institute News Resources Bias Awareness Mentoring Hiring and Retention Promotion and Tenure Assessment and Evaluation Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Vice President's Welcome At Georgia Tech, innovation is an institutional imperative—both in education and research. Diverse collaboration often sparks great innovation. We value the brilliance and power of our faculty and their unique perspectives, and strategic collaboration will allow Georgia Tech to develop new ways to enhance the learning environment, enrich the experience of all learners, and create the next solutions that will improve human life in meaningful way. As outlined in our strategic plans, Georgia Tech’s commitment to diversity is woven into the fabric of our strategic vision and mission as a leading technological institution in the 21st century. At Tech, we are focused on recruiting and engaging faculty who represent a rich tapestry of backgrounds, perspectives, interests, and talents, and celebrating diversity in all its forms. One of our leading programs to advance a culture of inclusive excellence for faculty is the Georgia Tech ADVANCE Program. Supported by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion and in partnership with the deans of each College, the ADVANCE Program is comprised of a cross-college network of accomplished professors who support the advancement of women and minorities in academia. Working within and across Colleges, the ADVANCE Program professors have launched major initiatives at the Institute, including the Equity, Diversity, and Excellence Initiative, to contribute to a more diverse workforce. We ask for your support of the ADVANCE professors’ leadership as they continue their important work in advocating for gender equity and empowering women at the Institute. Sincerely, Archie Ervin, Ph.D. Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Institute Diversity French Building, Suite 231 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0740 Phone: 404.385.3686 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login