Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home About Welcome from the Executive Director On behalf of the Georgia Institute of Technology, I’d like to thank you for your interest in the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion. One of the findings from Georgia Tech’s Climate Assessment Survey in 2012 was expressed feelings of marginalization by gender and race/ethnicity among students. Embracing student diversity and different perspectives is critical to the success of the campus community. The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion was launched to provide more programs and pathways to success for underrepresented minority and women students on campus. By launching the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, we will better serve the more than 4,000 students who benefit from our programs now—and increase capacity to serve even more current and future students. If interested in learning more, I encourage you to visit the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion to take a tour of the renovated Chapin Building, learn more our units and initiatives, and meet our talented staff. To increase capacity to serve more current and future students, the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion welcomes partnerships with foundations and donors, and please feel free to contact me or Rob Rogers at rob.rogers@gatech.edu to discuss partnership opportunities. This website provides you with more information about what we’re currently working on and gives you a chance to contact us with any questions you may have. My colleagues and I welcome your suggestions to help us grow this important endeavor at Georgia Tech. Sincerely, S. Gordon Moore Jr. Executive Director, Student Diversity and Inclusion gordon.moore@gatech.edu Office of Hispanic Initiatives (OHI) Provides programs and pathways to success for the Hispanic/Latino community, primarily current and prospective students and their families, faculty, and staff. Learn more OMED: Educational Services Provides programs and pathways to success for traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. Learn more Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) Develops initiatives and collaborations that promote women faculty and staff interaction around research and practices in STEM. Learn more Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login