Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Main navigation About About About Georgia Tech History & Traditions Rankings & Stats Mission & Vision Our Values Ethics Visitor Information Directories Institute Leadership Office and Department Directory Student, Staff & Faculty Directory Experts Careers at Tech Academics Academic Environment Majors and Degrees Colleges and Schools Continuing and Professional Education Georgia Tech Online Academic Calendar Admissions Prospective Students Admission Overview Campus Tour Tuition and Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Digital Swag Campus Life Campus Life Explore the Main Campus Student Activities Athletics Athletics Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets Tickets Ramblin Wreck Store Research Research Research Areas Research News Experts Hub News and Events News Center Experts Hub Feature Stories Campus Calendar Media Contacts User account menu Apply Transform Tomorrow. Give Today. Open Search Search Search Research Out Front: Looking Ahead to 2023 As we transition to a new year, researchers across the globe are looking ahead to the world’s most pressing concerns. Georgia Tech researchers share what they will be watching during the next 12 months and beyond. Yellow Jackets Featured in List of Influential Georgians Georgia Tech Receives $65 Million Grant from Semiconductor Research Corporation for JUMP 2.0 Centers Research Out Front: Looking Ahead to 2023 Welcome 2023 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration The Georgia Tech community is invited to participate in virtual and in-person educational programs and service opportunities as we reflect upon the contributions of Martin Luther King Jr. View the listing of 2023 MLK Celebration Events Majors and Degrees Georgia Tech offers a wide variety of technologically focused degrees. Explore the more than 130 majors and minors available. Information about Majors and Degrees Prospective Students Choosing the right college can be complex. Learn more about Georgia Tech's academics, admissions, campus life, costs, and aid. Information for Prospective Students Admissions Our holistic admission process considers your academic background as well as your pursuits and interests outside the classroom. Information for Admissions Alumni Association Connecting our global network of alumni through events, volunteer opportunities, and career help. Information for GT Alumni Government Relations Working with government partners to advance the Institute and our surrounding communities. Information for Government Relations Research Breaking down barriers and collaborating on research at the intersection of disciplines. Information about Research Campus News Georgia Tech Remains in Top 20 in Higher Education Research Spending Dec 20, 2022 Annual research spending enables medical breakthroughs, space exploration, and scientific innovation... Business and Economic Development $2.3B Qcells Solar Power Investment Holds Major Potential for Georgia Jan 23, 2023 Georgia Tech experts are at the forefront of technology and research that could revamp clean energy ... Earth and Environment Cutting Emissions Isn’t Enough. We Need to Scrub Carbon Directly from the Air Jan 19, 2023 New Direct Air Capture Center will leverage Georgia Tech’s leadership in a burgeoning field. ... Memorial Endowment Honors Billiee Pendleton-Parker Dec 22, 2022 An endowment celebrating the life and work of the late Pendleton-Parker will support three areas she... Visit News Center Campus Events Jan 24 The School of Biological Sciences Spring 2023 Seminar Series presents Dr. Lydia Beaudrot Jan 29 From Darkness to Light - My Holocaust Journey View Campus Calendar Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Enable Accessibility General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education