Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Strategic Plan 2020-2030 Performance Snapshot The goals of our strategic plan set out an ambitious path for Georgia Tech as we develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. View our October 2022 snapshot to see how the Institute is performing on a few key performance indicators in pursuit of our goals. Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) The Next 10 Years: 2020-2030 “This plan presents our shared vision for the next decade ... and is driven by a set of ambitious goals and bold actions to grow the impact we have in the world.” —President Ángel Cabrera Read the letter from the President Read the letter from the co-chairs OUR MISSION The Georgia Institute of Technology is a public research university established by the state of Georgia in Atlanta in 1885 and committed to developing leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. OUR VALUES Students are our top priority. We strive for excellence. We thrive on diversity. We celebrate collaboration. We champion innovation. We safeguard freedom of inquiry and expression. We nurture the well-being of our community. We act ethically. We are responsible stewards. Learn more about our values. OUR VISION Over the next decade, Georgia Tech will be an example of inclusive innovation, a leading technological, research university relentlessly committed to serving the public good; breaking new ground in addressing the biggest local, national, and global challenges of our time; making technology broadly accessible; and developing exceptional leaders from all backgrounds ready to produce novel ideas and create solutions with real human impact. Learn more about our vision. Our mission and values speak to who we are and what is important to us. Using these as a foundation, we strive to apply our best selves to solving the challenges of tomorrow. Our vision sets that direction for us. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Focus Areas We have distilled our vision down into its key components, creating strategic focus areas to guide our priorities. Amplify Impact Embrace our power as agents of change for the public good and generate talent, ideas, and solutions with unmatched impact and scale to help define and address the most critical problems of our time, locally and globally. Learn more. Champion Innovation Champion our leadership position as an engine of innovation and entrepreneurship, and collaborate with other public and private actors to create economic opportunity and mobility and position Atlanta and Georgia as examples of inclusive innovation. Learn more. Connect Globally Strengthen our role as a convener of worldwide collaboration and build a global learning network to expand our reach and amplify our impact. Learn more. Expand Access Empower people of all backgrounds and stages of life to learn and contribute to technological and human progress. Learn more. Cultivate Well-Being Strengthen our culture of well-being and create an environment of holistic learning where all members of our community can grow and learn to lead healthy, purposeful, impactful lives. Learn more. Lead by Example Lead and inspire by example by creating a culture of deliberate innovation in all our practices and be an example of efficiency, sustainability, ethics, equity, and inclusion. Learn more. DOWNLOAD THE FULL TEXT PLAN (PDF) Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in)