Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Strategic Initiatives and Progress Breadcrumb Home About the Plan In 2021, Georgia Tech launched 20 strategic initiatives to advance the goals and objectives of the new strategic plan (2020-2030). These initiatives are highly interdependent and are aligned within and across the strategic plan’s six focus areas. Initiatives AdminX Improving the administrative experience for our faculty, staff, and students. This has included the establishment of an Administrative Services Center, and continuing transformation of our HR, finance, and other administrative services and processes. Supported focus areas: Champion Innovation Cultivate Well-being Lead by Example Visit the initiative website Anchor Institution Engaging with communities and organizations near campus and abroad to support social and economic mobility by advancing the public interest through partnerships for education, knowledge production, community engagement, economic development, and strategic management of our operations and physical spaces. Supported focus areas: Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Visit the initiative website Arts@Tech Integrating the arts into education and research while also creating spaces and experiences for students, faculty, staff, and the broader community to come together. Supported focus areas: Champion Innovation Cultivate Well-being Visit the initiative website Athletics Strategy Outlining what Athletics will do to continue to develop everyday champions who will change the world. Supported focus areas: Cultivate well-being Visit the initiative website Budget Transformation Creating and implementing a transparent and easy-to-manage budget model that delivers on the Institute’s priorities to promote and reward performance, success, and innovation; foster responsible decision-making; and provide predictable funding. Supported focus areas: Lead by Example Visit the initiative website Commercialization Attracting and nurturing the best entrepreneurial minds through six goals that will leverage intentional efforts to make Georgia Tech No. 1 in commercialization and entrepreneurship while reimagining commercialization in academia. Supported focus areas: Champion Innovation Visit the initiative website Comprehensive Campus Plan Creating optimal places for students to thrive that promote wellness through intentional design of transportation and access to services, and fostering the development of dynamic community partnerships. Supported focus areas: Lead by Example Visit the initiative website Data Excellence Leveraging data analytic tools and processes to inform decision-making, serving as an example in the protection, management, and governance of data. Supported focus areas: Lead by Example Visit the initiative website Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Plan Modeling a culture of inclusive leadership and fostering an environment that reflects Georgia Tech’s values of diversity, equity, and inclusion. Expanding access for the education of historically underserved populations of students in technology-related fields and advancing social equity outcomes in technology and higher education. Developing innovative approaches to address faculty equity, diversity, and inclusion issues. Recruiting, retaining, and developing a world-class workforce where all staff members feel supported, valued, respected, productive, and engaged. Expanding inclusive scholarship and teaching practices and full participation of traditionally underserved learners; modeling social and ethical responsibility; and making Georgia Tech an Institute known for social and technological innovation. Supported focus areas: Expand Access Visit the initiative website Enrollment Strategy Comprehensively growing, managing, and supporting enrollment across our K-12, undergraduate, graduate, online, and professional education programs over the next 10 years. Supported focus areas: Amplify Impact Visit the initiative website Global Student Experience Strengthening Georgia Tech’s global engagement. Exploring and developing new global programming both on Georgia Tech’s campuses and through programs abroad. Enhancing community and the well-being of student, faculty, and staff groups convening around global themes. Supporting increased student participation, with a particular focus on historically under-participating students. Providing the appropriate structural and process support to enable growth. Supported focus areas: Connect Globally Visit the initiative website GT Atrium Reinventing Georgia Tech's physical presence on a global, yet localized, scale by offering lifetime learning, upskilling, and career advancement opportunities to Georgia Tech students, alumni, and local community members in cities across the globe — fostering community in a hybrid, click-to-brick environment through both face-to-face and online tools. Supported focus areas: Connect Globally Lifetime Learning Realizing the Institute’s goal to nurture learners throughout their lifetimes, a new academic unit will be the intersection of pedagogy, technology, and business models offering learning at all credential levels including credit-based programs and professional development (non-credit) programs across the lifetime of an individual — K-gray. This effort is a catalyst for fundamental and applied research in the arena of how technology can expand the essence, quality, and utilization of knowledge and skills for people learning, creating an ecosystem focused on lifetime careers, education, research, advising/mentoring, and services that enable the people and organizations of our state to be the benefactors of this new thinking, empowering them to find solutions to the most pressing global problems and, in so doing, improving higher education and, thus, the human condition. Supported focus areas: Expand Access Living Our Values Everyday (L.O.V.E. GT) Creating the Institute culture and conditions necessary to successfully achieve the ambitions set forth in the new Institute strategic plan. Grounded in aligning the practices, behaviors, and experiences of our community with the nine Institute values, our framework for achieving this alignment involves leadership, engagement/communication, and systems/structures/symbols. Supported focus areas: Cultivate well-being Visit the initiative website Need-based Funding Closing the gap of student need through a multifaceted strategy. Supported focus areas: Expand Access Research Next Innovating, strengthening, and optimizing our research enterprise by forging new external partnerships; developing and engaging our research faculty; and improving how we operate as an organization, with an emphasis on our people. Supported focus areas: Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Visit the initiative website Sustainability Next Establishing Georgia Tech as a leader in equitable, economic, and environmental sustainability in Institute operations; sustainable development education; sustainability leadership and transdisciplinary research; culture and organization; climate solutions; and in using our campus as a living learning laboratory. Supported focus areas: Connect Globally Lead by Example Visit the initiative website Transformative Teaching/Learning Promoting innovation in teaching and learning practices by providing faculty support to innovate and scale transformative teaching practices, and creating conditions for all students to engage in meaningful experiential learning. Supported focus areas: Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Well-being Plan Guided by the four priority goals of the Cultivate Well-Being Action and Transformation Roadmap, continuing to strengthen clinical care services while expanding primary prevention efforts; expanding and enhancing those institutional attributes and factors that promote health, wellness, and well-being; and mitigating those systemic and cultural elements that have a documented negative impact on well-being. The four goals include: Cultural Change, Capacity and Creativity, Community and Connection, and Commitment and Continuity. Supported focus areas: Cultivate Well-being Visit the initiative website Working@Tech Developing a world-class workforce committed to enhancing employee skills and providing a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment, we are now focused on three major efforts: Georgia Tech workforce knowledge and skill development. Performance management practices, processes, and tools. An enhanced employee experience. Supported focus areas: Lead by Example Performance Snapshot See how the Institute is doing on a few key performance indicators in pursuit of our goals: October 2022 snapshot (PDF)