Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Cultivate Well-Being Breadcrumb Home Strategic Focus Areas Through a collaborative, holistic approach to campus health and well-being, we will create an inclusive environment where all our students and employees can flourish and be fulfilled. We will cultivate well-being by focusing on the total person — mental and physical health, growth, and opportunity. ASPIRATION To strengthen our culture of well-being and create an environment of holistic learning where all members of our community can grow and learn to lead healthy, purposeful, impactful lives, we will: Embed a total person approach into every academic program with a focus on the holistic development and physical and psychological well-being of every student. Strengthen access to well-being services and resources for all members of the Georgia Tech community. Strengthen a culture of well-being and psychological safety among students, faculty, and staff. Further integrate intercollegiate athletics into our campus life and local community, in the promotion of a culture of well-being. Strengthen the visual and performing arts on our campus and facilitate access for all members of our community. We will develop healthy and vibrant learning environments that support holistic learning and personal growth. MOVING INTO ACTION Create Institute-wide well-being metrics to monitor progress, solicit and act on student feedback, and identify and address issues that are barriers to student success and well-being. Recognize and reward faculty for excellence in teaching and contributions to student well-being. Expand and scale programs for physical, mental, and emotional well-being open to all students, faculty, and staff. Expand, integrate, and strengthen curricular options to foster and support student well-being. Expand opportunities for participation in visual and performing arts experiences. Expand the total person philosophy to support overall success of student-athletes in every aspect of their lives. Create a culture and built environment that is safe, accessible, and supportive for all members of the Georgia Tech community. Identify and address the well-being needs of graduate, transfer, and nontraditional students. Create initiatives to support and nurture the well-being of alumni. TRACKING OUR PROGRESS Measures of student well-being and engagement. Measures of satisfaction with student services, housing, dining, and transportation. Measures of employee psychological safety, engagement, and well-being. Participation in visual and performing arts experiences across the community. Measures of student-athlete well-being, and academic and career success. Student feedback on impact of teaching approaches on their well-being. Engagement of alumni in lifelong learning that promotes their well-being. Previous: Expand Access | Next: Lead By Example