Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Main navigation About About About Georgia Tech History & Traditions Rankings & Stats Mission & Vision Our Values Ethics Visitor Information Directories Institute Leadership Office and Department Directory Student, Staff & Faculty Directory Experts Careers at Tech Academics Academic Environment Majors and Degrees Colleges and Schools Continuing and Professional Education Georgia Tech Online Academic Calendar Admissions Prospective Students Admission Overview Campus Tour Tuition and Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Digital Swag Campus Life Campus Life Explore the Main Campus Student Activities Athletics Athletics Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets Tickets Ramblin Wreck Store Research Research Research Areas Research News Experts Hub News and Events News Center Experts Hub Feature Stories Campus Calendar Media Contacts User account menu Apply Transform Tomorrow. Give Today. Open Search Search Search History and Traditions Founded on Oct. 13, 1885, the Georgia School of Technology opened its doors in October 1888 to 84 students. The School’s creation signaled the beginning of the transformation of the agrarian South to an industrial economy. During its first 50 years, Tech grew from a narrowly focused trade school to a regionally recognized technological university. In 1948, the School’s name was changed to the Georgia Institute of Technology to reflect a growing focus on advanced technological and scientific research. Women students were admitted in 1952, and in 1961 Georgia Tech became the first university in the Deep South to admit African-American students without a court order. In recent years, Georgia Tech has been a national leader in managing the global transition from an industrial economy to an information economy. Throughout its long history, Georgia Tech has always focused its efforts on preparing students to use their innovative skills and strong work ethic to solve real-world problems and improve the lives of people around the globe. From the world-famous “Ramblin’ Wreck” fight song to the fun and festivities of RATS Week, the Tech campus is steeped in time-honored traditions that students embrace from generation to generation. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Explore the Timeline of Tech History Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) TRADITIONS Buzz Buzz — who made his first campus appearance in 1980 — is the world-famous and beloved mascot of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets. Buzz gets Tech fans cheering at nearly all the Institute’s intercollegiate sporting events. Ramblin’ Wreck Fight Song The words and music for Tech’s world-famous “Ramblin’ Wreck” fight song were inspired by an old folk ballad, “The Sons of the Gamboliers.” The name Ramblin’ Wreck gained widespread acceptance in the 1920s, when Tech graduates began building makeshift mechanical buggies to improve a poor transportation system in South America. Ramblin’ Wreck Model-A Ford The 1930 Model A Ford was donated to Georgia Tech in 1961 by Capt. Ted Johnson, a then-retired pilot who had purchased and restored the car for his son. The official Ramblin’ Wreck appears on the field at all home football games and other events as a symbol of Georgia Tech. A second Model A was purchased and restored by the Alumni Association in the 1980s, and is used at alumni events. A third automobile was purchased and restored by the Georgia Tech Foundation, and& is parked in the lobby of the Georgia Tech Hotel. RATS Week RATS (Recently Acquired Tech Students) Week is Tech’s orientation week for new students, when first-year students learn all about Tech campus traditions. The Whistle Believed to have come to Tech in 1896, the steam whistle was meant to mimic the industrial whistles of the times. It called the students to their shop classes. Today, it is operated by a computerized atomic clock that releases the steam. The Whistle blows five minutes to the hour to end classes on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. It has a different schedule on Tuesdays and Thursdays. It also blows after Tech touchdowns during home games. Explore more Tech Traditions Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Enable Accessibility General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education