Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Expand Access Breadcrumb Home Strategic Focus Areas The magnitude of the challenges and opportunities we face demands that we empower and include more people, backgrounds, and perspectives in the process of learning, discovery, and creation. We will remove barriers of access for underrepresented students, champion lifelong learning, and recruit and retain a diverse faculty and staff. ASPIRATION To empower people of all backgrounds and stages of life to learn and contribute to technological and human progress, we will: Remove all barriers for financially vulnerable students and those traditionally underrepresented at Georgia Tech. Be the nation’s leading source of women and underrepresented minority graduates in technology-related fields. Be a national leader in faculty diversity, especially in technology-related fields. Be the nation’s leading provider of lifelong professional graduate degrees and non-degree programs for working professionals in technology-related fields. We will deliver on this vision by building an exceptional and diverse community of learning, discovery, and creation in an inclusive and collaborative environment focused on innovation and access. MOVING INTO ACTION Partner with public schools in Atlanta and throughout Georgia to inspire underrepresented minority and low-income students to pursue learning and career pathways in science and technology. Strengthen initiatives to increase the number of girls who pursue learning and career pathways in science and technology. Dramatically increase need-based scholarship funding. Expand services to increase engagement and support success of students from low-income families and underrepresented communities. Actively identify and address the underlying causes of underrepresentation and disparities in outcomes. Expand services to support the success of women in disciplines where they are underrepresented. Aggressively recruit, develop, and retain women faculty. Aggressively recruit, develop, and retain faculty from underrepresented racial and ethnic groups. Expand the portfolio of online degree and non-degree programs for lifelong learners and increase the number of students served. TRACKING OUR PROGRESS Number of women graduates in technology-related fields. Number of underrepresented minority graduates in technology-related fields. Percentage of women in faculty and staff roles where they are underrepresented. Percentage of underrepresented minority faculty. Six-year graduation rates for underrepresented minorities and Pell Grant recipients. Funds raised to support need-based scholarships. Percentage of students awarded Pell Grants. Student feedback about equity, inclusion, and access to opportunities reflected in climate and culture assessments. Number and diversity of enrollments, credit and non-credit, in lifetime and career-long learning. Previous: Connect Globally | Next: Cultivate Well-Being