Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Main navigation About About About Georgia Tech History & Traditions Rankings & Stats Mission & Vision Our Values Ethics Visitor Information Directories Institute Leadership Office and Department Directory Student, Staff & Faculty Directory Experts Careers at Tech Academics Academic Environment Majors and Degrees Colleges and Schools Continuing and Professional Education Georgia Tech Online Academic Calendar Admissions Prospective Students Admission Overview Campus Tour Tuition and Costs Financial Aid &amp; Scholarships Digital Swag Campus Life Campus Life Explore the Main Campus Student Activities Athletics Athletics Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets Tickets Ramblin Wreck Store Research Research Research Areas Research News Experts Hub News and Events News Center Experts Hub Feature Stories Campus Calendar Media Contacts User account menu Apply Transform Tomorrow. Give Today. Open Search Search Search About Georgia Tech The Georgia Institute of Technology is a leading research university committed to improving the human condition through advanced science and technology. The Georgia Institute of Technology is one of the nation's top public research universities with nearly 40,000 students who study in person at the main campus in Atlanta, at Georgia Tech-Lorraine in France, at Georgia Tech-Shenzhen in China, as well as through distance and online learning. Students represent 50 states and 149 countries. Tech's engineering and computing Colleges are the largest and among the highest-ranked in the nation. The Institute also offers outstanding programs in business, design, liberal arts, and sciences. With more than $1 billion annually in research awards across all six Colleges and the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI), Georgia Tech is among the nation’s most research-intensive universities. It is an engine of economic development for the state of Georgia, the Southeast, and the nation. Georgia Tech’s mission is to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. Its mission and strategic plan are focused on making a positive impact in the lives of people everywhere. For more than 135 years, the people of Georgia Tech have dared to imagine and then create solutions for a better future. The innovative culture and leadership continue, for Progress and Service for all. General Information History and Traditions Rankings, Facts and Figures Georgia Tech Fact Book Campus Locations Our main campus is in Atlanta, Georgia. Our international campuses are Georgia Tech-Europe in Metz, France, and Georgia Tech-Shenzhen in Shenzhen, China. Georgia Tech also offers a virtual campus through distance and online learning. Campus Locations Rankings Georgia Tech has many nationally recognized programs, all top-ranked by peers and publications alike, and is ranked in the nation’s top 10 public universities by U.S. News and World Report. Nationally Recognized Programs Majors and Degrees Majors and degrees are offered through the colleges of Design, Computing, Engineering, Sciences, the Scheller College of Business, and the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts. Majors and degrees Academic and Campus Life The strong academic environment at Tech is balanced by a warm campus atmosphere which incorporates intercollegiate and intramural sports, campus traditions, and over 400 student organizations. Academic Environment Research Today’s innovations often take place at the intersection of disciplines. Georgia Tech's research enterprise encourages the kinds of multidisciplinary collaboration that makes these advances possible. Research Enterprise Strategic Plan The strategic plan is grounded in our commitment to developing leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition, and is driven by a set of ambitious goals and bold actions to grow the impact we have in the world. Strategic Plan Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Enable Accessibility General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education