Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Connect Globally Breadcrumb Home Strategic Focus Areas The most consequential challenges we face as a society require global collaboration and solutions. Georgia Tech has become a globally recognized, reliable partner in supporting international collaboration, education, commerce, and research into complex issues. As the world becomes more global, so will we. ASPIRATION To strengthen our role as a convener of worldwide collaboration, and build a global learning network to expand our reach and amplify our impact, we will: Prepare all Georgia Tech students to be cross-culturally competent, globally minded leaders. Be a leader in study abroad participation among leading public research universities. Be a hub of a global learning and an innovation network through global partnerships, alumni engagement, lifelong learning, and research collaborations. Lead and contribute to global collaborative efforts that advance the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals through our education, research, and service. The exceptional talent we are able to attract from around the world positions Georgia Tech to make unique contributions to local and global problems, build strong bridges to the world, and strengthen the global competitiveness of our state. MOVING INTO ACTION Expand international partnerships for student exchange, study abroad, and virtual exchanges. Remove financial barriers for study, work, and research abroad for all students. Embed cross-cultural and global learning opportunities in all programs. Expand collaborations with other globally focused institutions to tackle critical global issues. Expand high-impact, multidisciplinary, technology-based collaborations between Georgia Tech in Atlanta and Georgia Tech’s current and future international hubs in the areas of academics, research, economic development, and community engagement.  Become a central actor in the major global activities for U.N. Sustainable Development Goals advancement and demonstrate global U.N. Sustainable Development Goals capabilities at home by ensuring campuswide decisions and practices that advance elements of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. TRACKING OUR PROGRESS Share of graduates having studied, worked, or conducted research abroad. Number of actively engaged alumni in international locations. Number of new projects and collaborations that show measurable contributions to advancing the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals. Number of international enrollments in all educational offerings. Previous: Champion Innovation | Next: Expand Access