Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Lead by Example Breadcrumb Home Strategic Focus Areas Georgia Tech strives to be known for innovation, collaboration, and integrity. The human-centered nature of science, technology, and related fields includes how we conduct our research and our teaching, the way we do our jobs, and how we equip the next generation to face some of the world’s greatest challenges. ASPIRATION To lead and inspire by example by creating a culture of deliberate innovation in all our practices and be an example of efficiency, sustainability, ethics, equity, and inclusion, we will: Be a model of excellence through continuous improvement, deliberate innovation, and best practices in all services, systems, and practices. Be a leader in leveraging data analytic tools and processes to inform decision-making and be an example in the protection, management, and governance of data. Develop a world-class workforce committed to enhancing employee skills and providing a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment. Demonstrate our commitment to sustainability in the development and management of our campus. Georgia Tech has been an engine of Progress and Service for more than 135 years and is ready to play an even greater role going forward. MOVING INTO ACTION Create cross-functional councils across all administrative areas to monitor performance, leverage faculty expertise, and propose continuous improvements to administrative systems and practices. Empower the campus community with seamless, secure data access and predictive analytic tools for making informed and transparent decisions and to drive innovation. Develop programs, policies, processes, and systems to protect, manage, govern, and deliver our data through a culture of privacy, security, and compliance. Establish and implement a world-class talent strategy including recruitment, development, engagement, and performance feedback. Create opportunities for all staff to advance their careers, pursue leadership positions, and participate in affordable education opportunities. Develop exceptional leaders who consistently demonstrate cultural competency, inclusiveness, transparency, accountability, and ethical behavior. Institutionalize anchor institution practices in areas such as procurement, workforce development, business development, and neighborhood development practices. Develop and execute a Climate Action Plan for the Institute. Integrate our pursuit of equity and justice across our programs, practices, and culture. Leverage our campus and operations as a living learning environment that engages students, faculty, and staff. Rigorously evaluate and align investments with our strategic priorities. TRACKING OUR PROGRESS Measures of effective teaching and learning. Measures of campus sustainability performance (e.g., STARS framework). Number and magnitude of data breaches and leaks. Administrative efficiency, effectiveness, and improvement metrics. Metrics of service quality and internal customer satisfaction. Ranking as a “best place to work” regionally and nationally. Diversity representation in leadership, staff, and faculty roles as compared with market availability. Measurement of leader effectiveness and alignment with our values. Previous: Cultivate Well-Being | Next: About the Plan