skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Online Students University System of Georgia Online Learning Opportunities for Students Georgia ONmyLINE The Georgia ONmyLINE website provides a searchable catalog of online courses and degree programs offered by the 26 colleges and universities in the University System of Georgia (USG). Through this site you can find online courses or a complete program that meets your needs. Quickly search thousands of online course offerings to keep you on track for graduation, to complement your on-campus course schedule, or to complete your college degree. Research and compare hundreds of completely online programs at the certificate, Associates, Bachelors, Nexus, Masters and Doctoral level. You can link to offering institutions to apply for transient enrollment or program admission, or get transcript evaluation and advising on program selection. Georgia ONmyLINE provides access to a wide range of online education opportunities. eCore eCore, USG’s online core curriculum, offers students the opportunity to complete undergraduate general education courses required in most degree programs, completely online. The eCore online courses are offered through a collaborative program of public colleges and universities within the University System of Georgia. Courses are taught by instructors from SACSCOC accredited institutions within the system, and are transferrable within the USG as well as to most regionally accredited schools. Whether you’re a working adult who needs to get back in school, or a traditional college student who needs the flexibility of an online class – Georgia’s public colleges and universities are well within your reach with eCore. eMajor Earn an affordable, high quality, degree completely online through the eMajor partnership of public institutions in the University System of Georgia. eMajor online degree programs prepare students for high demand careers in cybersecurity, nursing, criminal justice, business administration, and organizational leadership. Fully online eMajor programs are ideal for traditional students who need the convenience of online course delivery, and for working professionals, military members, adult learners, transfer students and others seeking alternative routes to degree completion. Online degrees that prepare you for employment, from colleges and universities you know and trust - that’s eMajor. Georgia ONmyLINE Georgia ONmyLINE provides access to online and distance education offerings from the public colleges and universities that make up the University System of Georgia. GAfutures The mission of the Georgia Student Finance Commission is to promote and increase access to education beyond high school for Georgians. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×