skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Policies University System of Georgia University System of Georgia Policies Board of Regents Policy Manual Complete and official body of policies for the governance and operation of the Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia. Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Policies and procedures that affect the day-to-day operation of the office of the chief academic officer of University System of Georgia institutions. Building Project Procedures Manual This manual defines the process by which facilities projects in the University System of Georgia are initiated, funded, planned, designed, bid and constructed. Business Procedures Manual Sets forth essential procedural components USG institutions must follow to meet Board of Regents policy mandates and the statutory or regulatory requirements of the state of Georgia and the federal government; provides new financial, business and human resources professionals in the USG the necessary information and tools to perform effectively. Continuing Education Guidelines Administrative Committee on Public Service and Continuing Education. Copyright Policy The University System of Georgia facilitates compliance with copyright law and, where appropriate, the exercise in good faith of full fair use rights by faculty and staff in teaching, research, and service activities. Data Privacy and Legal Notice This communication establishes USG’s privacy and legal notice on the gathering and dissemination of information USG obtains from visitors to USG’s websites in compliance with any applicable privacy standards and legal requirements in regard to the data collected. Ethics & Compliance Program The Program is intended to assist the Board, the Chancellor, and institution management in the discharge of their compliance oversight responsibilities. Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual Defines those policies and procedures that affect and apply to the various types of employees in the University System of Georgia. Information Technology (IT) Handbook Sets forth the essential requirements, recommendations, procedures, guidelines, and practices that all USG institutions and organizations must follow for the acquisition, development, planning, design, construction/renovation, management, and operation of USG technology facilities and systems to meet Board of Regents policy mandates, statutory or regulatory requirements of the state of Georgia and the federal government, and best IT practices. Programs Serving Minors USG institutions offer a variety of athletic camps, science camps, clinics, after-school programs, enrichment classes and activities which bring non-student minors onto campus. These activities are more abundant during the summer when school is not in session. These programs and activities are of great educational value and serve to benefit both the institution and the larger community. These programs and activities provide institutions with the opportunity to challenge, educate and mentor young people and to introduce them to their campus in a positive and meaningful way. Records Management and Archives Records retention guidelines for the University System of Georgia. Special Institutional Fee Resolution Defines the application and purpose of the special institution fee. State of Georgia Construction Manual (external link) Best practices for planning, designing, building, delivering, and receiving facilities for use by Georgia state entities. Co-developed by the USG’s Office of Real Estate and Facilities. Supplier Management USG suppliers play an important role in protecting USG’s data and information assets. When selecting and working with suppliers, it is important for all USG organizations to manage cybersecurity risks related to suppliers. This page outlines some important responsibilities for all USG organizations. Website Information and Accessibility As the scope of the University System of Georgia (USG) web presence broadens, it is necessary to have in place a framework to guide and accommodate the development and growth of the USG website. The USG website strives to be a dynamic, informative site that provides the visitor with reliable information and is easily navigable. To assist in accomplishing this goal, Communications and Governmental Affairs and Information & Web Services (IWS) provide the following guidelines for publishing your information on the USG website. Search All Policies and Procedures NOTE: Searches may be conducted for phrases by using "quotation marks." Please note that the State of Georgia Construction Manual is not currently available in the meta search. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×