Menu Undergraduate Admission Home Prepare for College Academics Visit Visit Georgia Tech Prepare for Your Visit Explore Atlanta Virtual Visits Apply First-Year Admission Transfer Admission International Applicants International First-Year Applicants International Transfer Applicants Other Programs Dual Enrollment Non-Degree Programs 62 and Older Program Counselors Contact Us Contact Us Submit Documents Join Mailing List Blog Check Status Visit Georgia Tech We have many visit options for prospective high school and transfer students to learn more about Georgia Tech. Our hope is that the variety of programming will help you learn everything you need to know about Georgia Tech and the college admission process. Please explore our programming options below. As always, demonstrated interest is NOT part of our admission process. These visits are for you, to help you begin to consider whether Tech is the right college fit for you! Already admitted to Tech? Visit your admission portal to register for campus tours and programming specifically for admitted students. First-Year Information Sessions These information sessions are presented by an admission counselor to highlight the application requirements for first-year admission and the many opportunities available at Georgia Tech. Our first-year sessions are offered in a variety of formats. Click the links below to register. Select a Session Live Virtual Sessions Watch an On-Demand Session In-Person Sessions with Campus Tour International Student Webinars Transfer Information Sessions These information sessions are presented by an admission counselor to highlight the application requirements for transfer admission and the many opportunities available at Georgia Tech. Our transfer sessions are offered in a variety of formats. Click the links below to register. Select a Session Live Virtual Sessions Watch On-Demand Session In-Person Sessions with Campus Tour Transfer Pathway Webinar Academic and Campus Department Information Sessions This is your chance to learn about the specific colleges, majors, and student programs at Tech. Our academic and campus department sessions are offered in a variety of formats. Click the links below to register. Select a Session Live Virtual Sessions Watch On-Demand Session Attend In-Person Sessions Explore Our Campus Georgia Tech’s beautiful 400-acre, tree-lined campus is located in the heart of Atlanta, Georgia. We offer a variety campus tour options both online and in-person so you can get a feel for our life at Tech. On-Campus Tours Take a walk across campus with our Tech Tour Guides! During the tour, you’ll visit popular places on campus and learn about Tech traditions. Schedule an In-Person Tour Live, Virtual Campus Tours Our Georgia Tech Tour Guides are hosting virtual tours to bring campus to you! This is your chance to speak with current students and ask them your questions about Tech. Register for a Live Tour Self-Guided Walking Tour Do you want to explore Tech’s campus on your own? We offer self-guided tour resources to help you find popular locations on campus in-person. Request Self-Guided Tour Resources College Fairs and High School Visits Throughout the year, Georgia Tech partners with other universities to offer a variety of college fairs and conferences. Our admission counselors also travel and visit high schools around the country. These events are a great opportunity to not only learn more about Georgia Tech, but learn more about college admissions and the college search process in general. Here are some upcoming events you may be interested in attending: Tech in Your Town Admission representatives will be visiting a variety of high schools across the nation. Be sure to join our mailing list to receive an invitation to events held in your area. Join Mailing List Prepare for Your Visit To ensure your visit is as seamless as possible, review our tips and resources before you arrive. This includes parking instructions, lodging options, planning tips, and more! Planning Tips and Resources High School Counselors Are you a high school counselor? Visit our counselor resource page for information on how to plan group visits to campus and request a Tech counselor to travel to your school. Counselor Resources Contact Us Directory Annual Safety Report Offices Campus Map Support/Give Download Adobe Acrobat Reader Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Human Trafficking Notice Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment ©2021 Georgia Institute of Technology This website uses cookies. For more information, review our Privacy & Legal Notice. Questions? Please email privacy@gatech.edu. OK