skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Fiscal Affairs University System of Georgia This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Providing Fiscal, Financial and Strategic Leadership Fiscal Affairs handles the allocation of state appropriations to all University System of Georgia institutions; manages the internal administration of the University System Office, including budgeting, accounting, purchasing, inventory and cash management; and develops business procedures and practices for USG institutions. The division provides regular reports on the financial performance of University System of Georgia institutions and the system as a whole. Ms. Tracey Cook Chief Fiscal Officer 404-962-3200 tracey.cook@usg.edu View Departments View Resources Departments within Fiscal Affairs Accounting and Reporting Accounting and Reporting supports the University System of Georgia by providing leadership and guidance to USG Institutions on accounting policies and procedures and related reporting. Budgeting Supports the University System’s highest priorities by identifying, projecting, allocating, and managing the central resources available for operating and capital expenditures. Business Services Provides the highest quality financial and office services to all customers of the University System Office. Finance Finance works closely with the institutions and foundations to help them navigate the complex transactions required to develop and construct alternatively financed facilities. We also develop and maintain policies and procedures and review the public private ventures portfolio and financial operating data for each project, in conjunction with Facilities. Fiscal Affairs Fiscal Affairs serves the Chancellor, the Board of Regents and the University System of Georgia by providing leadership on fiscal policy, budgeting, and financial practices and procedures. Procurement System Office Procurement works with University System of Georgia institutions to open doors to procurement opportunities by providing business communities access to information and bid opportunities. Public Private Partnership The Public-Private Partnership initiative for on-campus student housing ensure on-campus housing is affordable, safe, and meets high quality standards. It provides additional housing for USG students without incurring additional BOR capital lease obligations, reduces the amount of BOR capital lease obligations associated with the portfolio of existing housing assets and leverages private sector efficiencies in the design, construction, operations and maintenance of student housing while retaining resident life, security and rent administration functions. Fiscal Affairs Resources Business Procedures Manual The Business Procedures Manual sets forth the essential procedural components that each institution within the University System of Georgia must follow to meet both Board of Regents policy mandates and the statutory or regulatory requirements of the state of Georgia and the federal government. Chief Business/Fiscal Officers A listing of the chief business/fiscal officers at each USG institution. Georgia Department of Administrative Services (DOAS) The Georgia Department of Administrative Services has five primary business services, State Purchasing, Risk Management, Human Resources Administration, Fleet Management and Surplus Property. Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts The Department of Audits and Accounts exists to provide decision-makers with credible management information to promote improvements in accountability and stewardship in state and local government. Shared Services Initiative Enables the University System of Georgia to increase the quality and consistency of information, increase functionality and service to customers, facilitate the management and control of risk – especially where one person is performing a critical function, and reduce costs through economies of scale. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×