Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Corporate Affiliates Program Right when your company needs it the most, computing talent is scarce. The good news is that the College of Computing at Georgia Tech can supply precisely the talent you need to fuel your company’s future. Our undergraduate programs are experiencing record enrollments, and that means a growing stream of new graduates from the Undergraduate Computer Science Program ranked 5th nationally in 2020 by U.S. News and World Report. The College’s Corporate Affiliates Program (CAP) offers advantages to help you improve your competitive position among recruiters. By partnering with us, you will strengthen and widen your recruiting pipeline through increased awareness among our students and young alumni. The Dean will, in turn, deploy your unrestricted partnership contributions to advance the College’s strategic priorities, thus sustaining our efforts to develop the computing talent that is in such high demand by industry leaders. CAP Engagement Opportunities Your membership affords you exclusive engagement As a CAP partner, you, of course, will have a presence at our Career Fair. But these fairs have become pretty crowded. Here’s how you’ll stand out: Raised company awareness: Hold a Corporate Day in the Student Commons to engage with the hundreds of students passing through daily. Focused interest in your opportunities: Host a Corporate Information Session each semester in a reserved room with dinner provided for students and rooms provided for private interviews. Pinpoint your recruitment through student groups: Involve yourself with one or more of 20 student interest groups representing the kinds of extracurricular interests that so often launch careers. Present at group meetings and partner with potential employees. Only CAP partners are offered the opportunity to sponsor student organizations. Other Exclusive Opportunities for CAP Partners Get visible through a custom communication plan incorporating digital signage, internal and external posters, College-directed emails, event postings on the College website, job postings, and social media support for CAP-related events. Build on the excitement you have generated by reserving valuable “one-on-one” time at the Fall and Spring Career Fairs with a dedicated room for your information sessions and interview space. Begin a community of student interest by engaging at a reception for corporate partners during the fall Career Fair. Elevate your brand with activities and food at your company’s Day in the Student Commons each semester. Go deeper with potential hires with Company Information Sessions (dinner and a room) with interview rooms reserved for you to follow up one on one with a prospect. Build relationships and trust by working with any of our 20+ student groups by financially sponsoring events like hackathons or travel scholarships for students to attend conferences like the Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing or the Richard Tapia Celebration of Diversity in Computing. How to Partner Are you ready to let CAP help you gain a competitive advantage? Gifts can be provided through your corporate recruiting budget, community outreach budget, or research budget. Let us help design your plan for awareness-raising, involvement, and securing your talent requirements. For more information, email Director of Development Paul Schultz. Community The GT Computing Community Office of Outreach, Enrollment & Community Student Organizations Career Development Internships & Co-Ops Career Fairs Startups & Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Tutoring Assistance Community Outreach Career Services Career Services for OMSCS Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full… </html>