skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Location University System of Georgia Directions to University System Office Atlanta The Board of Regents University System Office is located on the sixth, seventh, and eighth floors in the Trinity-Washington building at 270 Washington Street, Atlanta, Georgia. Please note you will need to show identification to enter the building. Travelling I-20 West Bound Exit Capitol Avenue. Turn right at end of ramp and go to second traffic light (Martin Luther King Jr. Drive). Turn left onto MLK Jr. Drive and go to first traffic light (Washington St.). Turn left onto Washington Street. Continue to the second intersection, which is Trinity Avenue. The Trinity-Washington building is on the southeast corner of Trinity Avenue and Washington Street. Limited metered street parking is available beside the building. There are also pay parking lots in the area. The Board of Regents offices are located on the 6th, 7th, and 8th floors of the Trinity-Washington building. Travelling I-20 East Bound Exit Windsor Street. Turn left at end of ramp and keep straight to approximately second light (Trinity Ave.). Turn right on Trinity Avenue and go to fifth traffic light (Washington Street). Turn right on Washington Street. The Trinity-Washington building is on the southeast corner of Trinity Avenue and Washington Street. Limited metered street parking is available beside the building. There are also pay parking lots in the area. The Board of Regents offices are located on the 6th, 7th, and 8th floors of the Trinity-Washington building. Travelling I-75/I-85 North Bound Exit Central Avenue and keep straight to approximately third light (Trinity Avenue). Turn right on Trinity Avenue and go to first traffic light (Washington Street). Turn right on Washington Street The Trinity-Washington building is on the southeast corner of Trinity Avenue and Washington Street. Limited metered street parking is available beside the building. There are also pay parking lots in the area. The Board of Regents offices are located on the 6th, 7th, and 8th floors of the Trinity-Washington building. Travelling I-75/I-85 South Bound Exit Martin Luther King Jr. Drive and go to third traffic light (Washington Street). Turn left onto Washington Street. Continue to the second intersection, which is Trinity Avenue. The Trinity-Washington building is on the southeast corner of Trinity Avenue and Washington Street. Limited metered street parking is available beside the building. There are also pay parking lots in the area. The Board of Regents offices are located on the 6th, 7th, and 8th floors of the Trinity-Washington building. From MARTA Transit Take the east-west train line of MARTA to the Georgia State station (E1). As you leave the train, proceed down the stairs and follow the station signs to exit toward Piedmont Avenue. Look for the sign that says “Capitol” (you will be heading south.) At the intersection of Martin Luther King Drive (MLK) and Piedmont Ave., cross MLK, then cross Piedmont. You will be on the same side of the street as the Capitol building (southwest corner of the intersection). Proceed west along MLK one block to Washington Avenue. Turn left on Washington Avenue (south) and continue another 2 blocks to Trinity Avenue. The Trinity-Washington building is on the southeast corner of the intersection, directly across the street from the church with red doors. The 2nd floor entrance to the building is about a half block east on Trinity. (“Industry and Trade” is engraved in large letters above the doors.) The 1st floor entrance is about a half block south on Washington. The Board of Regents offices are located on the 6th, 7th, and 8th floors. Mailing Address Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia 270 Washington Street, SW Atlanta, Georgia 30334 USA Related Links Driving directions to the University System Office Atlanta (via Google Maps) Driving directions to Information Technology Services (ITS) Athens (via Google Maps) Driving directions to Shared Services Center (via Google Maps) Driving directions to Shared Services Center (Printable Directions) CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×