skip to main content × Home About Us Mission, Vision and Values Jobs Job Search Tips for Job Applicants Employment Links Benefits New Employee Orientation Policies Policy Resources Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual Job Classification (B-CATS) Introduction Background of the BCAT Initiative Frequently Asked Questions Job Categories (BCATS) Archive Campus HR Officers USG Well-Being Contact Us × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Human Resources Operations Division Home About Us Mission, Vision and Values Jobs Job Search Tips for Job Applicants Employment Links Benefits New Employee Orientation Policies Policy Resources Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual Job Classification (B-CATS) Introduction Background of the BCAT Initiative Frequently Asked Questions Job Categories (BCATS) Archive Campus HR Officers USG Well-Being Contact Us Tips for Job Applicants General information about University System Office job listings: Minimum salary information There may be a minimum salary or a salary range listed for each position on the vacancy list. Hiring salary offers will not be lower than the posted minimum rate for the position. Actual salary offers are dependent upon the candidates qualifications, existing University System Office policies, and the availability of funds for that department. The Human Resources staff will work with the hiring departments to determine the appropriate rate of pay. Individuals with considerable skills and experience beyond the minimum hiring standard may be hired at a rate higher than the minimum, if departmental resources and internal equity considerations permit. Position Information It is recommended that you maintain a record of the position(s) that you have applied for. Once submitted, applications, resumes, work samples, etc. may become a part of Human Resources files and may not be retrieved for the applicant. We also recommend that you keep a copy of any job listing that you are applying for. Position Updates Once a position is removed from the job posting, applications are no longer accepted. For some positions there can be a long delay between the time a job is posted, removed from posting and the time it is filled. If a hiring department wishes to interview you for a position, they will contact you directly. Please do not contact the hiring managers directly regarding the status of your application. If you are interviewed but not selected for a position, the hiring departments may contact you, but this is a courtesy rather than a requirement. Response letters will be sent to all applicants, either via email or US mail, once a candidate has been chosen for the position. Employment Eligibility ALL employees must initiate the federal Form I-9, U.S. Department of Justice, between their first and no later than their third day of employment. Employees are required to complete the upper portion of this form, in the presence of a representative from the Division of Human Resources with the University System Office. Current proof of identity, proof of eligibility to work in the United States, and the employees actual Social Security Card are also required, at that time, for verification and tax purposes. Please be advised of the following University System of Georgia policy with regard to applicants: University System of Georgia, Business Procedures Manual, Volume 3A Disqualification of Persons Selected for Employment (Candidates) (January 9, 1991) A candidate will be disqualified for employment for any of the following reasons: Conviction of a criminal drug offense shall disqualify a candidate for not less than two years. Any candidate who has been convicted of a second or subsequent criminal drug offense shall be ineligible for employment or re-employment for a period of five years from the most recent date of conviction. Any false statement of material fact in the application. The candidate is or has been a member of an organization advocating the violent overthrow of the government of the United States. Testing When applicable - Human Resources does not review applications and resumes for testing requirements during the application process. Some hiring departments will request that applicants be tested and may use the test results as an internal measure for competition. It is the responsibility of the applicant to be prepared to take any of the required tests requested by the department. If you are unable to take the required tests during the time frame which the hiring department has requested, it is possible that you may not be considered for the position. The tests are administered in Human Resources (or its designee). CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility Compliance & Ethics Reporting ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Faculty Development Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×