Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home News Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact Monday, January 23, 2023 Morgan Usry College of ComputingSchool of Computer Science Computer Systems A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back-to-back fellowships for his research impact on computer architecture and memory systems. Moinuddin Qureshi has been named as a 2022 Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Fellow and as a 2023 Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Fellow. Qureshi, a professor in the School of Computer Science, was recognized as an ACM fellow for “contributions to memory hierarchy design” and as an IEEE Fellow for “contributions to scalable memory systems.” Over the past two decades, Qureshi’s research has focused on improving the memory system of modern processors, ranging from multi-level caches during his Ph.D. at the University of Texas at Austin to phase change memory systems at IBM Research, and to 3D memory systems and other reliable and secure memory systems at Georgia Tech. "As the saying goes, it takes a village to raise a child,” Qureshi said. “Similarly, it takes a supportive community to groom a researcher. I am grateful for the amazing students, wonderful mentors, and fantastic collaborators and friends who have been a part of this journey. This recognition is as much a reflection of their effort." Along with these two achievements, Qureshi also recently received the prestigious 2022 ACM SIGARCH Maurice Wilkes Award for “contributions to high-performance memory systems.” Qureshi’s research has had an “outstanding impact” on the field of computer architecture, according to School of Computer Science Chair Vivek Sarkar. “It’s gratifying to see him receive these well-deserved world-class awards. These recognitions reflect positively on him and on Georgia Tech. My heartiest congratulations go to Moin as well as to his mentors and collaborators.” said Sarkar, who is also the Stephen Fleming Chair for Telecommunications in the College of Computing. ACM is the world’s largest computing society and is dedicated to advancing the field. Each year, the organization honors members that have made a significant contribution to the field of computing and information technology. ACM Fellows are considered to be the organization's most prestigious member grade, comprising the top 1% of the association's members. IEEE is the world’s largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity. The IEEE Fellow Award is a special recognition for members with extraordinary accomplishments in the IEEE technical fields. IEEE Fellow is the highest grade of membership, given each year to at most 0.1% of the total higher-grade members, and is regarded as a prestigious honor and an important career achievement. Recent Stories Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection… Thursday, January 26, 2023 Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore… Monday, January 23, 2023 New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to… Thursday, January 19, 2023 Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full… </html>