Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home News New Global Top-5 Ranking Based on Faculty Research Success Wednesday, July 21, 2021 Ben Snedeker College of Computing Georgia Tech ranks number five in the world for computer science (CS) according to a new ranking that is based on the scholarly achievements of its faculty members. The rankings from Guide2Research, an established source of data on scientific research contributions, also place Georgia Tech’s CS program nationally at number five. To determine its ranking of top CS programs, Guide2Research turned to Google Scholar and DBLP, a website that catalogs CS journal articles and conference papers, to evaluate the scholarly productivity of more than 6,300 computer scientists. Known as an h-index, the measurement looks at a ratio between the number of papers an author publishes and the number of citations each paper receives in other papers. It uses this qualitative and quantitative analysis to determine the impact of an individual’s work as part of the ranking process. “This ranking is particularly meaningful because it is based primarily on our faculty members’ academic and research success,” said Charles Isbell Jr., Georgia Tech’s dean of computing and John P. Imlay Jr. chair. “It’s solid evidence that we are delivering a world-class computing and computer science educational experience for our students.” In 2020, Georgia Tech ranked number one nationally in cybersecurity education and fifth overall for CS in the U.S. News & World Report Best Colleges 2021 Edition Undergraduate Rankings. Georgia Tech also tied for second nationally in undergraduate software engineering. Recent Stories Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection… Thursday, January 26, 2023 Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore… Monday, January 23, 2023 New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to… Thursday, January 19, 2023 Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…