skip to main content × Home About Us Mission, Vision and Values Jobs Job Search Tips for Job Applicants Employment Links Benefits New Employee Orientation Policies Policy Resources Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual Job Classification (B-CATS) Introduction Background of the BCAT Initiative Frequently Asked Questions Job Categories (BCATS) Archive Campus HR Officers USG Well-Being Contact Us × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Human Resources Operations Division Home About Us Mission, Vision and Values Jobs Job Search Tips for Job Applicants Employment Links Benefits New Employee Orientation Policies Policy Resources Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual Job Classification (B-CATS) Introduction Background of the BCAT Initiative Frequently Asked Questions Job Categories (BCATS) Archive Campus HR Officers USG Well-Being Contact Us About Us Human Resources Staff USG Systemwide Human Resources Administration Dr. Juanita W. Hicks, Vice Chancellor for Human Resources The vice chancellor for human resources is responsible for directing the development and administration of the strategies, plans, policies and programs targeted at maximizing employee effectiveness. In addition, this vice chancellor manages the human resources and related investments to ensure optimal return on investment of the system’s human capital assets. In this position, the vice chancellor also serves as the liaison to and mentor for institutional-level, chief human resources officers, providing guidance and leadership to these officers as necessary. Jina Lane, Administrative Coordinator The administrative coordinator provides administrative support for the vice chancellor for Human Resources. In this role, the administrative coordinator also assists the HR leadership team and other USO HR personnel with special projects and assignments as needed. Karin Elliott, Associate Vice Chancellor for Total Rewards The associate vice chancellor for total rewards is responsible for the strategic plan design and administration of all systemwide benefit programs for faculty, staff and retirees. Additionally, the associate vice chancellor provides guidance and assistance to USG institution human resources departments. Quint Hill, Assistant Vice Chancellor of HR Administration & USO HR Director The assistant vice chancellor serves as a primary point of contact to USG HR leaders, providing leadership, guidance and support for various human resources programs, initiatives and policies. The assistant vice chancellor also serves as the internal University System Office HR director and oversees the team responsible for internal USO HR departmental operations, programs and services. Sherma Francis, Human Resources Program Director The human resources program director is responsible for the development and administration of systemwide salary administration policies and procedures. The director serves on special projects, assisting in the development, review and documentation of policies, procedures and best practices in support of systemwide and USO internal human resources administration initiatives. Anessa Billings, Executive Director of Health and Voluntary Benefits The executive director of health and voluntary benefits is responsible for day-to-day oversight of the USG health plans and voluntary benefit programs for faculty, staff and retirees. Additionally, in close partnership with the associate vice chancellor for total rewards, the executive director recommends and implements the systemwide strategic direction for healthcare and voluntary benefit programs. BeNedra Cleveland, Director of Benefits, Administration and Engagement The director of benefits, administration and engagement is responsible for systemwide benefits and benefit policies. The director of benefits also oversees our third-party benefit administrator engagement and acts as a liaison with vendors and institutions on matters associated with system-related, benefits enrollment issues and handles the final level of benefits appeals. The director also collaborates with or leads several systemwide committees. Diane Kirkwood, Human Resources Program Director The HR program director is responsible for supporting strategic initiatives related to policy, procedure, technology and vendor management. The role also provides leadership, oversight and coordination to ensure the USG HR strategy and technology platforms maintain alignment with USG’s strategic objectives, goals and industry best practices. Nicole McNeil, Benefits Manager In this position, the benefits manager is the subject matter expert for USG healthcare and voluntary plans. Additionally, the manager serves as main benefits point of contact for institutions for escalations. The manager also oversees the benefit enrollment process, manages appeals and identifies trends for process improvement. Latisha Wilson, Benefits Coordinator The benefits coordinator provides administrative support to the Total Rewards Team. In this role, the benefits coordinator also assists with special projects and assignments as needed. Lisa Joe, Director of Retirement Programs and Services The director of retirement programs and services supports the analysis and administration of system retirement plan programs. This director provides systemwide retirement plan education and training, strategy recommendations based on research and analysis, resolutions to complex retirement plan issues and advice on system retirement plan policy. Charita Shepherd Cobb, System Retirement Plan Coordinator The retirement and financial well-being plan coordinator is responsible for Systemwide retirement and financial well-being plan administration, education, training and advisement. With this position, the retirement plan coordinator offers retirement and financial well-being education resources and policy guidance, conducts annual audits, and ensures that all plans are administered in accordance with approved Board of Regents plan documents and in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Nzinga Benton, Director of Well-being and Student Health Insurance The director of employee well-being and student health insurance is responsible for strategic leadership of the USG well-being program. This includes developing the vision, direction and management for the well-being program. In addition, the director of employee well-being and student health insurance is responsible for the strategy and communication of the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP). Candice Bovian, System Well-Being Manager The System well-being manager develops and implements the annual program plan for USG Well-being while marketing and communicating these programs to each USG institution Systemwide. In addition, this position manages the well-being vendor relationships and plans strategies to maintain and elevate the well-being liaison network at campus locations. Internal USO Human Resources Administration Cynthia Okonkwo, Assistant Director of Human Resources for the University System Office The assistant director of human resources manages the daily human resources operations for the USO. The assistant director of human resources also serves as the point of escalation for the HR generalists and HR specialist and provides guidance on HR matters to the Shared Services HR team with consultation on employee pay and benefits matters. Tracey Smith, HR Specialist (Supporting metro Atlanta-based USO employees) The HR generalist supports onboarding and off boarding, benefits, payroll, employee relations and recruitment for the Atlanta area USO locations, including Trinity-Washington, GPLS, GALILEO and the State Archives and Records Center. The HR generalist also serves as the USO dual appointment coordinator and provides recruitment support to hiring managers through position reviews, planning and onboarding. Nyree Henderson-Hayes, HR Specialist (Supporting USO employees) The HR specialist supports and administers a variety of HR programs including serving records management, payroll and leave administration and USO employee intranet. The HR specialist also serves as the USO TAP coordinator and USO Well-being Liaison. If you have a question, comment or need additional details, please contact us at usg-hr@usg.edu. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility Compliance & Ethics Reporting ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Faculty Development Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×