inline js Google Tag Manager Skip to main content start of body js Georgia Tech Toggle Mobile Navigation Menu Search Submit Search submit Home Why Scheller Programs Undergraduate MBA Ph.D. Graduate Certificates Executive Education Interdisciplinary M.S. Academics and Research Centers and Initiatives News and Events News Events The Intersection Podcast Info For Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Admits Current Students Alumni Employers Giving Request Info Directory Apply Scheller College of Business Close Search Search Submit Apply Give Toggle Desktop Navigation Menu open desktop search Home Why Scheller Programs Undergraduate MBA Ph.D. Graduate Certificates Executive Education Interdisciplinary M.S. Academics and Research Centers and Initiatives Request Info Directory Apply News and Events News Events The Intersection Podcast Info For Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Admits Current Students Alumni Employers Giving We Are Scheller Turn Your Life Up a Degree The second you walk on campus, you can feel it. There’s a buzz in the air. Students are innovators, professors are mentors, and your future at the intersection of business and technology is about to begin... At the Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business, we believe that a business school is more than books and lectures. It’s hands-on learning made for the real world. Get ready to make your mark, whether it’s at a Fortune 500 company, an impact-driven non-profit, or the next big start-up. No matter your background, you belong here. Connect to What's Next: Meet the Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business Play Video Close Video Video loading The Scheller Difference Become a part of the business school of the future. By going beyond a traditional business education, we prepare you for success in an ever-changing world that's driven by technology. Learn More Scheller at a Glance Build your future at one of the leading business schools in the nation. # MBA Classroom Experience The Princeton Review, 2022 Top 5 MBA Career Services in the World The Financial Times, 2022 Top 10 Business School in Business Analytics, Information Systems, Operations, and Supply Chain U.S. News & World Report, 2023 25,000+ Scheller Alumni 100+ Local & Global Corporate Partnerships We're In Atlanta's Tech Square Find the heart of Midtown Atlanta right outside your door. Immerse yourself in the largest tech ecosystem in the Southeast Experience the energy and diversity of a city that hustles and also has heart Launch your future within a hub of five startup accelerators, 25 corporate innovation centers, and over 100 startups Explore Our Campus “At the Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business, we cultivate innovators and game-changers - those who aren't afraid to challenge conventional wisdom and create opportunities in a complex business world.” – Maryam Alavi, Dean of the Scheller College of Business Meet the Humans of Scheller Get to know the faces behind our school. Meet the Humans of Scheller Get to know the faces behind our school. Meet Marcus Harmon, Full-time MBA Read More Meet the Humans of Scheller Get to know the faces behind our school. Meet Joanna Oliva, Evening MBA Read More Meet the Humans of Scheller Get to know the faces behind our school. Meet Brooke Carter, Executive MBA Read More Next Previous See All Scheller Profiles Meet Marcus Harmon, Full-time MBA Meet Joanna Oliva, Evening MBA Meet Brooke Carter, Executive MBA Scheller News Scheller News See All Scheller News January, 25, 2023 Breaking the Mold: How MBA Students With Non-Business Backgrounds Find Their Place and Purpose Read More January, 24, 2023 Georgia Tech Scheller College of Business Becomes Title Sponsor for Women in Technology YoPros Program Read More January, 24, 2023 A “Next Level” Instructor: Meet Bill Todd, Professor of the Practice Read More Swipe for More Next Previous See All Scheller News Upcoming Events View More Events You Belong Here. Let's Get Started Take the first step toward your future by requesting more information, attending an admissions event, and connecting with us. Request Info This website uses cookies. For more information review our Cookie Policy Accept Linkedin Icon Instagram Icon Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Youtube Icon Flikr Icon Contact Us Intranet Georgia Institute of Technology Scheller College of Business 800 W. Peachtree St. NW Atlanta, GA 30308 404.894.2600 Directory Emergency Information Legal Privacy Information Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Georgia Tech logo © Georgia Institute of Technology