skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Operations University System of Georgia This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Providing a Leadership Culture and Efficient Operations The Operations Division oversees the operations and establishes policies for all 26 colleges and universities that comprise the University System of Georgia. By leveraging the world-class assets of our institutions, the division strives to make USG students, their communities and the entire state more prosperous, more secure in the 21st century and more effective in creating a truly educated Georgia. The division defines and evaluates solutions for USG objectives in the departments of Information Technology, Cyber Security, Real Estate and Facilities, Legal Affairs, Human Resources, Safety and Security, Leadership and Institutional Development, and Strategic Implementation. Operations Division also supports multiple projects and broad initiatives, partnering with entities outside of public higher education to further the economic impact and efficiency of the organization as a whole. Teresa MacCartney Chief Operating Officer 404-962-3016 teresa.maccartney@usg.edu View Departments View Resources Departments within Operations Cybersecurity The USG’s Cybersecurity Department provides relevant advice and cutting-edge resources in developing processes and selecting technologies. It also trains personnel on how best to keep students, staff, and institutions safe, and works to reduce risk to the system as a whole. Human Resources Responsible for the plan design and plan administration of all system-wide employee benefit programs and oversees the publishing and implementation of the Board of Regents personnel policies. This office also directs system-wide training and leadership initiatives. Information Technology Services Provides leadership to the University System of Georgia for technologies that support instruction, research, and service in higher education. ITS delivers comprehensive, mission-critical technology resources, services, insights, and solutions to students, faculty, and staff; the Board of Regents; the University System Office; the Georgia Public Library System; and Georgia residents. Leadership and Institutional Development Leadership and Institutional Development oversees the Executive Leadership Institute, connects institutions with resources to further executive ability, provides orientations to new administrators and institution presidents and creates systemwide initiatives that cultivate and further quality leadership. Legal Affairs Responsible for developing and managing contracts and agreements; responding to legal inquiries, appeals and interrogatories; educating employees and institutions on all laws affecting institutions of higher education; and advising University System of Georgia institutions on legal matters governing copyright, employment and other relevant matters. Legal Affairs works with the Attorney General’s office in providing counsel to the Board of Regents. Real Estate and Facilities Responsible for overseeing the management of construction, renovation, and maintenance of facilities for University System of Georgia institutions; working with campus officers and other state agencies; managing the oversight of long-range development planning, including coordinating the development of campus master plans; and implementing systems for property management and land development. Research and Policy Analysis Analyzes higher education and related state and national policy issues and their impact on the University System of Georgia. Safety and Security Provides centralized access to safety and security information applicable to the University System of Georgia institutions. Strategic Implementation Strategic Implementation (SI) supports implementation of major enterprise system initiatives through project management, change management, and system integration activities. SI also supports governance of these efforts and coordination across the USG. Operations Resources Campus Consolidations To review the potential for the consolidation of institutions to strengthen the University System of Georgia in its ability to serve students and meet state needs, now and into the future. Copyright and Fair Use Facilitates compliance with copyright law and, where appropriate, the exercise in good faith of full fair use rights by faculty and staff in teaching, research, and service activities. Employee Benefits The University System of Georgia offers healthcare, dental, vision and other great benefits, as well as retirement plan options for employees working 30 hours per week or more on a regular basis. Employment Opportunities with USG The University System of Georgia is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Environmental and Occupational Safety Provides materials and information for federal and state regulatory agencies, rules and regulations, other colleges and universities, material safety data sheet databases and many other resources. Strategic Plan 2024 The University System of Georgia will create a more educated Georgia that is prepared for the global, knowledge economy by increasing degree completion, ensuring academic excellence, spurring research and creativity, driving business creation, and making effective and efficient use of resources. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×