Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Engineering Main navigation About About Facts and Rankings Leadership Associate Deans School Chairs Diversity and Inclusivity Directory Advisory Board Find Us Future Engineers Virtual Tour Future Engineers Undergraduates Undergraduates Dual Degree Options Graduates Future Graduates Dual Degree Programs Flexible Degree Options Interdisciplinary Programs Transfers K-12 Programs A. James Clark Scholars Dean's Scholars Program Academics Academics Undergraduate Graduate Culture of Innovation Maker Spaces Online Education Co-Op's & Internships International Experiences International Partnerships Study Abroad Accreditation Schools Schools Aerospace Engineering Biomedical Engineering Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering Civil and Environmental Engineering Electrical and Computer Engineering Industrial and Systems Engineering Materials Science and Engineering Mechanical Engineering Research Research Partnerships Undergraduate Research Featured Faculty Engage Engage Alumni Awards Alumni Newsletter Giving News Open Search Search Search Home $65M for New Intelligent Machines Research Centers ECE researchers will lead two of seven JUMP 2.0 centers, focusing on AI cognition and intelligent sensing to action. More About the Collaboration Image Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) What to Expect in 2023 With a new year nearly here, the College of Engineering asks some of his experts to weigh in on what will, should, and must happen in 2023. Read Their Predictions Image Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) A Mission to the Moon After years of preparation, a team of Georgia Tech students will shepherd the Lunar Flashlight spacecraft around the moon in search of frozen water. Go Inside Mission Control Image The College of Engineering stands committed in the fight against racism, discrimination, racial bias, and racial injustice. Our shared vision is one of social justice, opportunity, community and equity. We believe that the diversity and contributions from all of our members are essential and make us who we are. We believe that our impact must reach beyond the classroom, research labs, our campus, and the technology we create, but must also improve the human condition where injustice lives. We will continue to work to understand, value, and celebrate all people and create an inclusive educational and work environment that welcomes all. Who We Are The Georgia Tech College of Engineering is creating tomorrow's leaders in engineering, science and technology. It offers internationally renowned programs in the heart of Atlanta, giving students opportunities for research and real-world experience, and its focus on innovation gives graduates an edge. The College awards more engineering degrees to women and underrepresented minorities than any other institution in the United States, and as part of a public university, it remains an excellent value for an elite engineering education. Explore Engineering Image Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) Explore the College No matter what kind of engineering you're interested in, the College of Engineering probably has a program for you. Engineering offers more than 50 different degree tracks at the bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral levels, and its schools are consistently ranked among U.S. News & World Report's top 10. Prospective Undergraduates Learn more about applying to the College, scheduling a visit, and majoring in engineering. Graduate Degrees The College is home to 23 master's programs and 18 doctoral programs, offering best-in-class labs and research opportunities. Online Programs The College strives to bring knowledge to individuals all over the world, regardless of geo location. Entrepreneurship Turn your ideas into reality through design competitions, startup classes and more. Engineers and an MBA Working engineers who want to advance their education are faced with two potential options – an MBA or an advanced engineering degree. Diversity and Inclusivity Georgia Tech is proud to be one of the most diverse universities in the world. We graduate more female and Black engineers than any other college in the nation. However, we must do more. It is our responsibility to recruit more students, faculty, and staff from different backgrounds, interests, and perspectives. We must then develop and support them to become leaders in their respective engineering fields. Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) Recent News Bridging the Gap to the Westside 20 January 2023 Class of civil engineering and architecture students designs a bridge to reconnect campus with the growing Science Square area. School of Civil and Environmental Engineering Cutting Emissions Isn’t Enough. We Need to Scrub Carbon Directly from the Air 19 January 2023 New Direct Air Capture Center will leverage Georgia Tech’s leadership in a burgeoning field. $2.3B Qcells Solar Power Investment Holds Major Potential for Georgia 25 January 2023 MSE and ECE researchers are at the forefront of technology and research that could help revamp clean energy infrastructure in our state. Georgia Tech News Center NASA Picks ECE Alumnus to Lead Exploration Ground Systems Program 25 January 2023 Shawn Quinn will oversee the team responsible for developing and operating the systems necessary to process and launch NASA’s Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft on Artemis moon missions. School of Electrical and Computer Engineering Researchers Find That to Achieve Long-Term Sustainability, Urban Systems Must Tackle Social Justice and Equity 23 January 2023 CEE's Joe Bozeman led an international group that identified three core focus areas to achieve urban sustainability, including ensuring innovations don't overlook low-income communities or people of color. Georgia Tech Research News NRE Graduate Student Selected for IAEA Marie Sklodowska-Curie Fellowship 19 January 2023 Patience Lamb will receive a scholarship and have an opportunity to pursue an internship facilitated by the International Atomic Energy Agency. George W. Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering Researchers Create Smaller, Cheaper Flow Batteries for Clean Energy 13 January 2023 ChBE, CEE team's small battery cells are a first step toward more economical storage of energy from renewable sources like solar and wind power. Georgia Tech Research News News Archive Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Engage with the College Our Engineering Culture Through the Years See how the Georgia Tech College of Engineering has evolved over the years as we compare footage from "back in the day" to present day. A lot has changed over the years, but our mission to develop the nation's top engineers will always remain the same. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum College Resources College Resources Faculty Resources Promotion and Tenure (RPT Process) Research Resources IT Resources and Policies Forms Accreditation Statement of Ethics and Integrity EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice Dean's Office Handbook Advisory Board Resources Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education