Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home News New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Thursday, January 19, 2023 Nathan Deen College of ComputingSchool of Interactive Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full-time assistant professor in ubiquitous computing. His interest in learning how to build the tools and instruments he used as a musician led him back to school and set him on a path toward building wearable sensing devices. Adams arrives at Georgia Tech after receiving his Ph.D. from Cornell University in 2021. After serving as a research scientist for the Precision Behavioral Health Initiative at Cornell Tech, Adams brings to the School of Interactive Computing a passion for developing equitable ubiquitous computing and wearable devices within the healthcare industry. Adams is in the process of setting up his Uncommon Sense Lab, which will center around the development of hardware-based ubiquitous technology. Adams said the lab will be a place where the students he works with won’t have to be afraid of throwing around big ideas. “That’s really what’s exciting right now,” Adams said. “In the short time I’ve been here, the undergrad and masters students are really sharp and unafraid to try stuff.” Adams will spend the spring semester completing the construction of his lab and recruiting students. What interests you about working at Georgia Tech? I was looking at interdisciplinary schools and schools that support interdisciplinary research. Georgia Tech is huge in ubiquitous computing. I’ve had lots of colleagues that worked here and students who worked with me who did their masters here. After interviewing, I just realized how much more Georgia Tech offered — not just in support for my type of work but people that complemented my work. I’m not a person who wants to do research and then stick it on a shelf and move on. I want to do research and hand it to someone who’s an expert and start the next phase of what needs to happen, whether that be human-centered design or the psychology behind it, and then be there to hopefully see it in the hands of people in live scenarios. What will your research consist of? I’m a hardware guy. I build systems for feedback or sensing. My research agenda is on equity and accessibility in healthcare and addressing health disparities from a device. How can we make cheap devices that can attach to people’s computers or phones that can give laboratory results at their home for more continuous care? What inspired you to pursue this field of research? It was a long road to get there. I was a professional musician before I was a scientist, and I went back to school to learn how to build the tools that I was using as a musician. My first project related to health was at Cornell, and some people heard that I had an audio background. They said they wanted to build a microphone to listen to the human body. That really hooked me — being able to build something and listening to different aspects of the human body and seeing how that connects to different things like chewing or swallowing or heart conditions. There are some really fulfilling solutions that come out of it. What do you hope to accomplish in your research? I’d like to see the stuff that comes out of this lab go out into the world and have an impact and to see startups come out of it and influence new standards in healthcare. What are you looking forward to about teaching your students and how do you plan on working with them? The plan is for me to teach ubiquitous computing. I love teaching. I get engaged by engaging students, so I make my courses interactive with a lot of back and forth. I’m looking for a different type of student and learning what they want and how they receive information. I’m looking forward to getting them involved in the research that’s going on, getting them engaged in some of these processes, and teaching them it’s okay to try and build something, it’s okay to break stuff. I want to teach them to fail fast and be exploratory. Don’t be restricted by what you read in one paper. The following semester after next fall (2023), I’ll be getting my boutique course together, which will be more focused on health technology. Recent Stories Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection… Thursday, January 26, 2023 Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore… Monday, January 23, 2023 New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to… Thursday, January 19, 2023 Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…