Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Directory David K. Dabbiere Vice Chair, CoC Advisory Board and Board Member/Legal Advisor, OneTrust Biography David Dabbiere is the chief operating officer of AirWatch, the leading provider of mobile device security and management software. In addition to helping develop and implement AirWatch’s strategy and mission, he is responsible for the Finance, Legal and Human Resources departments as well as AirWatch’s IT, Data Center and Computer Networking operations. AirWatch solves the challenge for the enterprise of deploying smartphones (e.g. Apple and Android), tablets, and employee owned ‘BYOD’ programs. AirWatch is the largest provider in the industry with over 1000 employees. In the most recent Gartner research, AirWatch remains in the leadership quadrant of their Magic Quadrant analyst report and received the highest overall score in their 2012 Critical Capabilities Assessment. AirWatch has over 6000 customers and is adding over 500 new customers each month. Our customers range from large companies such as The Home Depot, Coke and Wal-Mart to security conscious organizations such as the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Department of Justice. In January, Georgia Governor Nathan Deal visited AirWatch to announce the expansion of the Company’s headquarters facility in metro Atlanta, creating 800 jobs over the next two years. Governor Deal told reporters that “this decision moves Georgia closer to becoming the No. 1 place in the nation to do business.” He also serves as the Chief Operating Officer of Aware Software, a company dedicated to assisting enterprises navigate and design for the "Internet of Things". It grew out of Wandering WiFi and expanded it's role in the industry. Mr. Dabbiere graduated from Indiana University where he obtained both his bachelor’s degree in chemistry and his law degree. After graduating from IU, Mr. Dabbiere joined the Procter & Gamble Company, where he spent 14 years, rising to the position of Associate General Counsel with responsibility for legal matters of P&G’s Health Care, Beauty Care and Cosmetics & Fragrances Business Units. After P&G, Mr. Dabbiere was the senior vice president and General Counsel of Manhattan Associates (NASDAQ: MANH), the Atlanta-based leading provider of Supply Chain software. He led the in-house team that brought Manhattan public in 1998. During his tenure, Mr. Dabbiere was an executive officer of the company and helped oversee the company’s fast-paced growth and expansion. Over the course of his career, Mr. Dabbiere has been active in various boards and activities for a number of schools and organizations including the Georgia Tech Logistics Institute and the RFID standards board. As a community leader, he has participated in the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, the Technology Association of Georgia, and as a supporter of the Woodruff Arts Center and the United Way. In 1998, the Dabbiere family endowed the Manhattan Associates Chair of Supply Chain Management at Georgia Tech’s School of Industrial and Systems Engineering. Affiliations Advisory Board Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full… </html>