Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Institute Communications Main navigation Home About About Us Meet the Team Careers Brand Brand Standards and Guidelines Our Voice Our Look Licensing Licensing and Trademarks Campus Resources External Communications About Media and PR Op-Ed and News Pitching Social Media State Outreach Internal Communications Campus Communications Campus Calendar On-Campus Advertising Campus Communicator Contacts Events at Georgia Tech About Event Planning Event Coordinator Network (External Link) Georgia Tech Special Events (External Link) Photo and Video About Photography and Videography Photo and Video Guides Scheduling a Headshot Websites Website Development Content Strategy Hiring Website Vendors Meeting and Training Opportunities Meetings and Training Presentation Archives (GT Account Required) Media and Vendors Media Inquiries Promotional Inquiries User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Institute Communications Our Mission Information. Reputation. Identity.  As stewards of the Georgia Tech message, in partnership with campus communicators, we:  Inform audiences by telling Georgia Tech’s story.  Advance Georgia Tech’s reputation across multiple platforms.  Maintain Georgia Tech’s brand identity through consistent messaging and visual representation. We take the lead in setting the standards and defining the voice that guides those collaborative communications.  Our Vision  We aspire to support and amplify one voice for Georgia Tech, and to become the team of experts to whom the campus turns for guidance to positively shape our audiences’ experiences and enhance the Institute’s impact — locally and globally.  Meet the Team Our Objectives and Scope Brand Policies and Standards Licensing and Trademarks Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Follow us on Social Media twitter.com/GeorgiaTech @georgiatech youtube.com/georgiatech Interested in the latest Georgia Tech News? Visit the News Center Planning an Event at Tech? Download the Special Events and Planning Guide Campus Communications Contact the Daily Digest editors: dailydigest@gatech.edu. Editorial Planning Meeting Mondays at 3 p.m. Learn More Want to Up Your Social Media Game? Schedule a social media consultation Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Need a headshot? Schedule a faculty or staff member headshot Institute Communications Georgia Institute of Technology 177 North Avenue NW Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0181 404.894.0870 Institute Communications Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education