skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Academic Affairs University System of Georgia This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Championing Academic Quality in the University System of Georgia Academic Affairs promotes and ensures academic quality in the University of System of Georgia. The various departments within Academic Affairs work closely with USG institutions to ensure that the citizens of Georgia can pursue further studies from a rich variety of high-quality academic programs -- undergraduate, graduate, and professional -- to meet their interests and lifelong career needs. Through the creation of policies and collaborative work, Academic Affairs advises and provides leadership on all academic-related areas to the members of the System. Academic Affairs promotes excellence in the classroom, drives innovation in delivery and pedagogy, and supports quality instruction and curriculum across the state. With key responsibility for academic and student affairs policy and guidance, as well as opportunity to advance innovation and excellence in key areas, the office supports collaborative activities on campuses that advance the System's core mission. Dr. Ashwani Monga Executive Vice Chancellor and Chief Academic Officer 404-962-3060 ashwani.monga@usg.edu View Departments View Resources Meet Dr. Ashwani Monga Dr. Ashwani Monga is Executive Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Chief Academic Officer of the University System of Georgia (USG). Working closely with the USG’s 26 public colleges and universities, he oversees the system’s academic enterprise, which includes academic innovation, student affairs and enrollment management, student access and success initiatives, faculty development, academic collaborative programs, distance education, academic libraries, the Georgia Film Academy, the Georgia Public Library Service and the Georgia Archives. He also holds a faculty appointment at one of the USG institutions, the Georgia Institute of Technology, as a professor of marketing in the Scheller College of Business. Ashwani was previously a professor of marketing at Rutgers Business School and the Provost and Executive Vice Chancellor of Rutgers University-Newark. Ashwani has published in leading marketing journals and has co-authored a book, “Becoming a Consumer Psychologist.” His research on consumers decision making is focused on the psychology of time and money—how consumers value their time, how they spend time differently from money, and how time influences consumers’ patience and self-control. He has held journal appointments as an Associate Editor (Journal of Consumer Psychology; Journal of Consumer Research; Journal of Marketing Research) and Editorial Review Board member (Journal of Marketing; International Journal of Research in Marketing). Ashwani’s teaching spans the undergraduate, M.B.A., Ph.D., and executive education programs. He has contributed to doctoral education by teaching seminars, chairing dissertations, serving as a doctoral program coordinator, and organizing dissertation proposal competitions for the Society for Consumer Psychology. Ashwani has received several awards for his teaching. He has also been commended for his research excellence. In 2018, he was named a Marketing Science Institute Scholar—one of 34 faculty selected from around the world. In addition, he has been honored with outstanding reviewer awards from the Journal of Consumer Psychology, the Journal of Consumer Research and the Journal of Marketing. He is also a recipient of the Young Alumni Achievers Award from his MBA alma mater, Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. Departments within Academic Affairs Academic Affairs and Policy Advances academic achievement, quality, and diversity through transformative practices, partnerships, and research. Academic Programs Responsible for information on University System of Georgia academic programs, degree waivers, certificates, accreditation, and major disciplinary areas. Curriculum Resources for support of the common features of University System of Georgia curricula. Faculty Affairs Responsible for overall coordination of Board policies and procedures related to faculty and for other faculty-related personnel matters. Faculty Development Promotes faculty and student success by encouraging the use of 21st Century teaching and learning pedagogies. Georgia Archives Identifies, collects, manages, preserves, publicizes, and provides access to records and information of Georgia and its people and assists state and local government agencies with their records management. Georgia Film Academy The Georgia Film Academy is a collaboration of the University System of Georgia and the Technical College System of Georgia created by state leadership to meet education and workforce needs for high demand careers in the Georgia’s film and creative industries. Georgia FinTech Academy The Georgia FinTech Academy brings together the fintech industry and the University System of Georgia, offering education and training on a wide range of fintech topics and career pathways. The Academy’s structure allows employers to partner with multiple USG institutions, whether in close proximity or elsewhere in Georgia. Georgia Public Library Service Responsible for administrative support to Georgia’s public libraries; develops and implements statewide policies, procedures, and programs; and encourages reading, literacy and education through the continuing support and improvement of Georgia’s public libraries. International Education The International Education mission is to strengthen the global dimensions of teaching, learning, research, and service throughout the University System of Georgia. Library Services (GALILEO) Supports University System of Georgia libraries and other libraries in Georgia in collaborative efforts to provide high quality services to students, faculty, staff, and citizens. Student and Faculty Success Strategic Academic Initiatives (SAI) is a unique academic affairs unit that seamlessly supports the goals of both Academic Affairs & Student Affairs. SAI focuses on USG academic initiatives that support under resourced and underserved student populations. Enrollment Management and Student Affairs Responsible for advising the Chancellor and the Board of Regents on all matters affecting student life on the campuses of the 26 colleges and universities comprising the University System of Georgia. Academic Affairs Resources Academic and Student Affairs Handbook Policies and procedures that affect the day-to-day operation of the office of the chief academic officer. Academic Calendars Application and registration deadlines, course start and end dates, drop/add, and recess dates for all USG institutions. Academic Common Market A cooperative tuition reduction agreement among participating Southern Regional Education Board (SREB) states. Advisory Committees Academic and Administrative Advisory Committees of the University System of Georgia. Affordable Learning Georgia This initiative promotes student success by supporting the use and creation of affordable alternatives to expensive commercial textbooks used on college campuses. Since ALG's inception in 2014, our programs have saved students more than $124 million in textbook costs, affecting more than 960,000 student course enrollments. All 26 USG institutions have participated in Affordable Learning Georgia's Textbook Transformation Grants, with more than 800 applications received and 522 funded projects. ALG partnered with USG's eCore program to ensure that 100% of required course materials in those courses are available at no cost to students. African American Males Initiative The University System of Georgia's (USG) African-American Male Initiative (AAMI®) is a system-wide initiative designed to increase the number of African-American males who complete their postsecondary education from any of the USG institutions. Its mission is to provide an integrated program model of academic and social tools that support students around adopting a positive mindset to successfully complete classes, elevate their cumulative GPAs, matriculate through each academic level and graduate. Center for Inclusive Design and Innovation (CIDI) An initiative to remove barriers and provide access to knowledge for individuals with physical, sensory, and learning print-related disabilities. College 2025 In recent years, many have raised questions about the cost and mission of public higher education. New forms of instruction, technology, and student learning are all challenging long-held views of public higher education. To address these challenges, Chancellor Steve Wrigley announced the College 2025 Initiative to inform the future direction of our public higher education system and allow Georgia to maintain its position as a state that is responsive to the educational needs of its citizens. Complete College Georgia Supports campus efforts to improve student access to and graduation from institutions of higher education in Georgia. Curriculum Resources for support of the common features of University System of Georgia curricula. GA Transfer GA Transfer is a partnership of the University System of Georgia, the Technical College System of Georgia, the Georgia Independent College Association, the Georgia Student Finance Commission, and the Georgia Department of Education, created to encourage Georgia student to complete their college degrees by making transfer information more transparent and easier to access. We support not only tools for students to use to obtain information about college credit and exam to course credit, but also offer tools to campuses to obtain recruiting information and to support dual enrollment course approval. Regents Centers for Learning Disorders Services and resources for students with learning disorders. What is a Momentum Year? By helping students make a purposeful choice about what they wish to study, institutions help narrow the thousands of course options to a manageable level and align the work a student undertakes in college with their goals, interests, and expectations. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×