Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Support the College There are many ways to support the College of Computing. You can express your generosity by creating an endowment for perpetual support or by making gifts directed toward current operations. For those interested in supporting faculty, contributions can be made to fund chairs, faculty awards, or research. For those who wish to fund students, support might include undergraduate scholarships or graduate fellowships. There are also some opportunities to fund and name facilities. The college also often tailors gifts to meet your individual interests. The below descriptions provide more detailed information for your convenience. College Support Current Operations Current operating funds are available for use in the year in which they are received. Gifts may be designated to the college, one of the schools, and one of its research centers and may remain unrestricted in use therein. Such funds support core academic and programmatic goals as well as provide seed funds for emerging initiatives. Gifts to Support Current Operating Funds: From $1,000 Dean's Fund Endowment funds provide support for the college in perpetuity, and a newly created endowed fund may carry the name of the donor or an honoree of their choice. The minimum to establish an endowment at the Georgia Tech College of Computing is $25,000. The college encourages establishing an endowment for the purposes of Dean’s Discretionary Funds. Unrestricted endowments such as this maximize the college's flexibility in meeting pressing and ever-changing needs, and in providing support for new initiatives. Named Endowment Fund to Support The Dean’s Fund: From $25,000 Faculty Support The cornerstone of a great program is a great faculty. The college boasts eminent teachers and scholars who contribute to new knowledge through innovative research and transmit this knowledge through teaching to the next generation. Permanent endowments are sought for the following: Faculty Chairs An endowed chair is among the most prestigious honor any educator can earn. Funding for endowed chairs provides the resources to attract and retain leading scholars in specific academic areas. The chairholders draw outstanding students, stimulate innovative research, mentor junior faculty, and aggressively seek leveraged funding from government and industrial sources. Named Faculty Chair Endowment Fund: From $2,000,000 Faculty Professorships Faculty professorships bridge the gap between early-career faculty awards and the recognition of achievement accorded to endowed chair holders. Endowed faculty professorships enable the College of Computing to attract and retain talented faculty members who stretch the boundaries of their disciplines, and provide them with the resources to help them take their place among the next generation of faculty leaders. Named Faculty Professorship Endowment Fund: From $1,000,000 Early-Career Faculty Awards Endowed awards are given to the most promising faculty members at the beginning of their careers. These awards provide a major incentive to attract and retain those who will become tomorrow’s leading teachers and scholars. Early-Career Faculty Awards are given for up to five years, providing support to encourage innovation in teaching and research, thereby nurturing the professional advancement of the named faculty member during the critical pre-tenure years. Named Early-Career Faculty Endowment Award: From $500,000 Student Support If faculty is the heart of the Institute, surely our students must be its soul. GT Computing students are the cream of the crop at Georgia Tech. Our commitment to them is first and foremost. Undergraduate Scholarships Endowment funds are sought to enhance the availability of merit-based scholarships in a competitive national market, to address demonstrated financial need so that the college remains accessible to every deserving student regardless of personal financial circumstance, and to enhance diversity within the student body. Named Scholarship Endowment Fund (Full): From $250,000 Named Undergraduate Scholarship Endowment Fund (Partial): From $25,000 Graduate Fellowships Recruiting nationally recognized graduate students in today’s engineering market is extremely competitive. To attract the most promising students to the college, we must have an endowment providing regular fellowship funds. With this financial incentive, we can attract exceptional students based on academic performance and leadership potential. Named Graduate Fellowship Endowment Fund (Full): From $500,000 Named Graduate Fellowship Endowment Fund (Partial): From $25,000 Corporate Affiliates Program (CAP) The CAP Program offers your company branding opportunities and access to the College of Computing’s talented students while providing them with experiences that will enhance their development into your future corporate assets. For more information, email Director of Development Paul Schultz. How to Give a Gift GT Computing Twitter Feed Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…