Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Our Buildings and Facilities The Georgia Tech campus is located in Midtown Atlanta, which is also the center of a prolific and creative arts scene. The music, movie, and technology industries are booming here -- something our students get to take great advantage of. The buildings that house the schools, research centers, and facilities of the College of Design stretch roughly a mile from Westside into the heart of Midtown, Atlanta. For specific way-finding and directions, visit the Georgia Tech campus map or download the Georgia Tech app from iTunes. You can also schedule a visit to the College of Design or contact any of our schools or research centers directly. East Architecture Building Address: 245 Fourth Street, NW, Atlanta, Georgia, 30332-0155 Contact: Janet Peterson Units located here: Dean's Office, School of City & Regional Planning Fun fact: This building was designed by Georgia Tech Architecture Program directors P.M. Heffernan, J. Hubert “Doc” Gailey, and Harold Bush Brown. The building opened in 1952. Facilities In This Location East Architecture Shop The shop provides precision prototyping equipment for wood, plastics, metal, as well as laser cutters and 3D printers. Review Areas Review areas allow students and faculty to show and critique their work in an open, reconfigurable space. Studios and Classrooms Our studios are open-plan collaborative areas for design work and critique. Our buildings also host traditional classrooms. West Architecture Building Contact: Janet Peterson Units located here: School of Architecture, School of Industrial Design Fun fact: This building was constructed in 1980 by Cooper, Carry & Associates, Inc. The firm's principal and chairman, Jerry Cooper, is a School of Architecture alumnus. Facilities In This Building The Galloway Cafe -- Temporarily Closed-- The Galloway Cafe, named in honor of Dean Galloway (1992-2007) serves hot and cold drinks, pastries and small lunches. Review Areas Review areas allow students and faculty to show and critique their work in an open, reconfigurable space. Studios and Classrooms Our studios are open-plan collaborative areas for design work and critique. Our buildings also host traditional classrooms. Lab Space The School of Industrial Design hosts IPDL, the Body Scan Lab, and the GM Human Computer Interaction Lab. Computer Lab This computer lab offers students machines with necessary software for in-class and off-class practice and instruction. Printers and Plotters Several printers and plotters are available to students and faculty in the College of Design. John and Joyce Caddell Building Address: 280 Ferst Drive, Atlanta, Georgia, 30332-0155 Contact: Janet Peterson Units located here: School of Building Construction One of the newly-renovated buildings on campus, the John and Joyce Caddell Building is an excellent example of adaptive reuse. The exposed structure, heating and cooling systems, and real-time energy use boards serve as a learning environment for Building Construction students. Fun fact: In addition to having some of the best views of Midtown on campus, this building is LEED Platinum. Facilities In This Building Flex Space Collaborative space with reconfigurable rooms, virtual modeling software, and interactive display technologies. Hinman Building Address: 723 Cherry Street, NW, Atlanta, Georgia, 30332 Contact: Janet Peterson Units located here: School of Architecture, Digital Building Lab Fun fact: Originally built in 1939, this building was also designed by Georgia Tech Architecture Program Director Paul Heffernan. The building was renovated in 2010 and now houses School of Architecture studios, two School of Building Construction labs, and one School of Industrial Design lab. Facilities In This Building Review Areas Review areas allow students and faculty to show and critique their work in an open, reconfigurable space. Studios and Classrooms Our studios are open-plan collaborative areas for design work and critique. Our buildings also host traditional classrooms. Couch Building Contact: Corissa James Units located here: School of Music, Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology Located in West Campus, the Couch Building is host to students from every major on campus, thanks to Georgia Tech's many musical ensembles. The School of Music also offers students Bachelor of Science, Master of Science and Ph. D. degrees in Music Technology, an exciting and growing field that combines music, computing, engineering, artificial intelligence, and entertainment industries. Fun fact: This building was once an elementary school. Facilities In This Building Music Practice Rooms Practice spaces (rooms 104, 204, and 211) are available to students and faculty, along with electric and upright pianos. Recording and Mixing Studio Students learn music performance recording, signal processing, MIDI sequencing, sound design, and music for film here. Heffernan House Address: 166 Fifth Street, Atlanta, Georgia, 30332 Contact: Bryan Croy This historic, Bungalow home stores the College archive, and provides visiting professor lodging. Fun fact: This was the home of Georgia Tech Architecture Program director P.M. Heffernan, who redesigned the Bungalow layout and designed some of the home's furniture. 760 Spring Street Address: 760 Spring Street, NW, Atlanta, Georgia, 30308-1028 Contact CSPAV or CQGRD Units located here: Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization (formerly the Center for Geographic Information Systems), Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development 512 Means Street Address: 512 Means Street, NW, Atlanta, Georgia, 30318-5730 Units located here: Center for Inclusive Design and Innovation Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources