Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academics: Breathtaking Form, Smart Function, Designing the Future Academics: Breathtaking Form, Smart Function, Designing the Future The five Schools in our College use rigorous design methodologies to create products, buildings, neighborhoods, cities, musical works, and human experiences. Our academic coursework and research emphasize the intersection of technology and design to inform and enhance people's lives. Often, this symbiotic approach reveals unique solutions to modern human needs. The College of Design offers three undergraduate degrees, nine master's degrees, and four doctoral degrees, along with minors and certificates. Our Programs Undergraduate Our blend of technology, design, and exploration transforms your chosen discipline. Graduate More than half our student body are graduate students: their diverse backgrounds and talents fuel invention. Study Abroad Educational and philanthropic programs that build empathy, perspective for global citizens. Course Instructor Opinion Survey Winners These College of Design instructors were voted best at Georgia Tech by the students in their classes. Sonit Bafna Winning class: ARCH 6352 Julie Kim Winning class: ARCH 6049 John Peponis Winning class: ARCH 6049 Kevin Shankwiler Winning class: ID 3042 Danielle Willkens Winning class: ARCH 6160 New Master of Science in Urban Analytics The Georgia Tech College of Design is proud to announce its newest interdisciplinary degree, the Master of Science in Urban Analytics (MSUA). The School of City and Regional Planning will administer the degree in partnership with the H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISyE), School of Computational Science and Engineering (CSE), and School of Interactive Computing (IC). About the Program Apply Now Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources