Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Legal Name Changes Those who wish merely to update their display names in places like Office 365 and the campus directory, and who have no need to update their surnames, should go to http://emailtoolbox.gatech.edu/ and click on the “Display Name Change” link toward the bottom of that page. THE INFORMATION BELOW APPLIES ONLY TO EMPLOYEES AND STUDENTS WHOSE LEGAL NAME HAS CHANGED. Employees An employee whose legal name has changed for whatever reason must present that new information to OHR so that his or her records may be updated accordingly. Once the employee’s legal name has been updated in PeopleSoft, it will flow down into other systems (AD, GTED, Mage, Whitepages, etc.) within a few days. Students A student whose legal name has changed must present that information to the Registrar’s Office so that his or her records may be updated accordingly. Once the student’s legal name has been updated in Banner, it will flow down into other systems (AD, GTED, Mage, Whitepages, etc.) within a few hours. Requesting New Accounts Getting a new account name is a completely different process, and this is where someone with Mage access who can work directly with the employee is needed. The admin, not the user, must open a support ticket with Identity and Access Management by sending email to iam-support@oit.gatech.edu and requesting a new account for the user that matches that user’s new legal name. This is very much a tag team process between IAM and the Mage admin, and it all happens in Footprints. IAM: Create the new account. IAM does this because it’s easy for us to choose the “next” account for this user’s new name (like jlee3684 if James Lee needs an account). Admin: Using Wand, provision the account as usual for the given user (LAWN, PRISM, etc.) Using Wand, reset the password of the new account. Work with the user to set up a personal password via Passport. Make sure the user can successfully authenticate to Passport with the new account and their own password. IAM: Make the new account the primary. This will take a few hours to percolate through all the systems that need to be updated. During this transition from the old to the new account, which account the user should use for a given service might be difficult to predict. If requested, we can start this process at the end of the business day. Admin: After the switch to the new account is finished, work with the user to ensure that all needed services can be accessed using the new account. This includes any departmental services or access to labs, equipment, etc., as well as the broader campus services (email and such). Admin: Once you’ve confirmed the user is using the new account for everything, you should delete the old account. Leaving the old account lying around might seem harmless enough, but the user will continue to get password expiration notices for it, and nobody needs that in their lives. Admin: When it’s all done, update the support ticket, letting the IAM technician know that everything’s fantastic, and the ticket can be closed. Last edited by Jeff M Clough, 2019-06-14 10:45:54 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology