Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Employment Opportunities Chair, School of Architecture Now accepting applications for the School of Architecture chair position. Academic Advisor II, City and Regional Planning Now accepting applications for this position. Admin Manager I, School of Building Construction Now accepting applications for this position. Faculty, School of Industrial Design This position is for the Shenzhen Campus. Faculty, School of Industrial Design This position requires UX/UI and/or Service Design expertise. Academic Advisor II, Industrial Design Now accepting applications for this position. If you are interested in any other position at Georgia Tech, please visit the GT Careers page for a full listing of all available opportunities. Georgia Tech is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources