Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News People and Culture Our people, unique culture, and identity are what gives us our strength. At GTRI, our team-based approach to supporting customers allows our over 2,800 dedicated researchers and staff to have the flexibility they need to be creative and truly innovative. We understand the importance of providing a culture where our employees can flourish and advance their careers. Workplace Enhancement A key player in ensuring that employees are empowered and their morale is boosted is the Workplace Enhancement Working Group. This team oversees and promotes a number of enrichment services and activities for the GTRI Community. Groups Members of GTRI have opportunities to collaborate beyond the workday! GTRI has many active social groups, such as: book clubs, rock climbers, automotive enthusiasts, video gamers, runners, board game fans, homebrewers, and more. In addition to social groups, there are several Employee Resource Groups with a focus on inclusivity for groups like veterans, women, minorities, millennials, and more. GTRI encourages engagement and community and the social and resource groups foster an environment of collaboration. Traditions Learn more about traditions here at GTRI and at Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech Traditions Tech’s Engineering Heritage History Behind Buzz Ramblin Wreck, Rat Caps, and more GTRI Traditions Friday Morning Seminars – In an effort to increase visibility of the work done across all of GTRI, the Friday Morning Seminar series, introduced in 2015, to feature the very best of GTRI research. Offered on the second and fourth Friday of each month, in the GTRI Conference Center auditorium, the seminars are presented to the GTRI community with coffee, an update from Director Gerber on the world within and without GTRI, and then the technical seminar. Hawaiian Shirt Day – Every Friday between Memorial Day and Labor Day will unofficially be Hawaiian Shirt Day (participation is optional). Awards and Recognition GTRI values exceptional achievement among our researchers, staff, and students. GTRI Awards Council The GTRI Awards Council, established in 1996, ensures qualified GTRI members receive national recognition through awards, honors, and higher levels of membership in their respective professional societies. The Council’s objectives are to encourage qualified GTRI employees to pursue deserving recognition and to provide guidance to young professionals. The Council accepts nominations or recommendations from any member of the GTRI staff, and will assist with nominations or serve as nominators when necessary. GTRI participates in well over 200 professional societies. GTRI Recognitions GTRI Distinguished Performance Awards Georgia Tech Faculty Honors GTRI Authored Books GTRI Fellows GTRI Honors GTRI Patents Issued PhD Recipients by Year Professional Society Honors Spot and Star Awards Living in Atlanta Things to do Atlanta has a plethora of compelling activities for persons of every age and interest. Atlanta is considered the cultural capital of the South. Among its venues for the fine arts, Atlanta has: APEX Museum Atlanta History Center Atlanta Preservation Center Callanwolde Fine Arts Center Carter Presidential Library and Museum Center for Puppetry Arts Chastain Arts Center Fernbank Museum of Natural History Hammonds House Gallery 72 High Museum of Art Imagine it! Children's Museum of Atlanta National Center for Civil and Human Rights Woodruff Arts Center For fans of music of all genres, Atlanta has: Aaron's Amphitheatre Chastain Park Amphitheatre Fox Theatre Masquerade Philips Arena Rialto Center for the Arts Tabernacle Terminal West Variety Playhouse Sports Atlanta is home to a variety of professional sports teams in the major sports: Atlanta Braves Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Hawks Atlanta Dream Atlanta United Atlanta Silverbacks Economics Atlanta is also one of the economic centers of the South. Georgia's business climate has been ranked #1 in the nation for the eighth consecutive year by Site Selection magazine. Several Fortune 500, 100 and 1000 companies call Atlanta home. Among the large companies with hedquarters here are Delta Airlines, United Parcel Service (UPS), and Home Depot. For individuals, the cost of living in Atlanta is 2% lower than the national average. Atlanta’s cost of living is about the same as Dallas, a little cheaper than Miami, and a great deal cheaper than Los Angeles and New York City. Weather Atlanta has sunny summers and relatively mild winters. Employee Development Learn more about the resources developed to empower GTRI's workforce to thrive. Learn More Diversity and Inclusion We achieve inclusive excellence by valuing the varied ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives of our people. Learn More Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology