Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Welcome to Research in the College of Design Welcome to Research in the College of Design Georgia Tech’s most active research collaborators are in the College of Design – and we’re proud to have this reputation. We promote a culture of research that actively engages faculty, research scientists, students, and staff. Our research is grounded in the College’s core academic disciplines of architecture, building construction, city and regional planning, industrial design, and music. It is also highly interdisciplinary and collaborative, cutting across the various disciplines in the College, the Institute, and the wider research and practice community. The work in our research centers and faculty labs falls under the broad umbrella of improving quality of life, standards of living, and the environment. Our faculty and research scientists’ strengths in blending design and technology (hardware and software) are accompanied by essential strengths in planning, policy, and spatial analysis. Opportunities for Students We operate under the motto that “research informs teaching and teaching informs research.” There are opportunities for students at all levels to work on research projects within the College. Because of the strong role that studios and workshops have in the curriculum, students develop and apply their research, design, and analytical skills in the classroom. They may work on solutions for real-world problems found close to home in the Atlanta region or as far away as China or India. The College of Design has a rich and rewarding history of working with outside partners on research questions and problems. For example, we work with environmental and economic development nonprofits, healthcare institutions and equipment manufacturers, architecture and construction firms, music technology and wearable computing companies, and a wide array of city, state, and federal government agencies. Become a Partner Our research partners may come to us with specific research projects and problems, or, ask us to identify promising or critical areas of research that they can support. We win competitive awards from major foundations and government agencies. And we employ our skills and technology in research for local and state organizations. We welcome existing and new partners to engage with our culture of research devoted to advanced problem solving in the 21st century! Contact Nancey Green Leigh Nancey Green Leigh, FAICP Associate Dean for Research College of Design Professor, School of City & Regional Planning ngleigh@design.gatech.edu +1 404-894-9839 Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources