Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Graduate Academic Programs Graduate Academic Programs We think about design differently than traditional art and design schools: At Georgia Tech, students learn to use creativity, engineering, and early adoption of technology to improve human experiences. We use design to solve real-world problems, develop new technologies, anticipate the future of buildings and environments, and change the way people experience art, things, and their immediate surroundings. Prospective Graduate Students If you're interested in applying to one of our graduate programs or would like more information, please contact the appropriate School directly. Program Contacts School of Architecture Graduate Degrees Master of Architecture Designated a STEM degree by the Board of Regents of Georgia. Master of Science in Architecture High performance buildings, design and health, advanced production, BIS, design computation. Dual Master Master of Architecture and Master of City and Regional Planning. Master of Science in Urban Design As world population urbanizes at unprecedented speed, urban designers are in demand. School of Building Construction Graduate Degrees Master of Real Estate Development Design and innovative construction, land use regulations, finance, and management. Master of Science BCFM Building Construction and Facility Management: STEM, management-based for industry professionals. City and Regional Planning Graduate Degrees Master of City and Regional Planning Planning Accreditation Board-accredited, graduates understand and resolve complex urban planning problems. Master of Science GIST Geographic Information Science and Technology: acquisition, management, analysis, dissemination of spatial information. Master of Science in Urban Analytics Leverages expertise in data analytics to focus on the critical problems facing urban regions. Dual Degree Programs MCRP + MS-GIST, MCRP + M.Arch, MCRP + MS/PP, MCRP + MS-CE, and MCRP + Juris Doctor Industrial Design Graduate Degrees Master of Science in HCI Human Computer Interaction (HCI) is an interdisciplinary program which includes an industrial design specialization. Master of Industrial Design Our design research-focused program helps students innovate across "new economy" industries. School of Music Graduate Degrees Master of Science in Music Technology Research-based program helps students revolutionize music making, performance, analysis, education, and consumption. Doctoral Design Degrees Architecture Building Construction City and Regional Planning Music Technology Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources