Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News Benefits Exceptional benefits for exceptional people. Our people are the strength of GTRI. We are happy to equip our team members with a comprehensive set of benefits designed to rival the level of innovation happening within each of our laboratories. The list below highlights portions of our comprehensive benefits package designed to meet the diverse needs of our faculty and staff. Our benefits are competitive and an important component of your total rewards. Healthcare Optional group medical, dental, vision, and disability insurance. $25,000 of basic life insurance coverage provided at no charge; one, two or three times the annual salary in additional life insurance available with cost varying according to age. Retirement Retirement plan programs include Optional Retirement Plan (ORP) and Teachers Retirement System (TRS) with generous matching. Tuition Educational assistance programs provide tuition and mandatory fee waiver or reimbursement. Career development including coaching and mentoring programs. Savings Membership in State Employees Credit Union Optional dependent care flexible spending account Optional tax deferred annuities Child Care 529 Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan On-Campus Childcare (Ga Tech Campus Only) Discounts Our Perks and Programs benefit offers employees discounts and other incentives in the areas of technology, travel, health & wellness, entertainment & shopping, legal & financial services, and education & family. Fitness Benefits Education & Wellness Series Use of Georgia Tech recreational facilities Time Off Up to 21 paid vacation days annually 12 paid holidays a year Military & Court Duty leave with pay Accrual of 12 days sick leave annually Education support leave (8 hours per calendar year) This information is intended as a summary only. Specific eligibility and enrollment requirements are provided here. Plan documents governing these benefits are available upon employment. Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology