Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Research Research Centers and Labs Research Centers and Labs Our six research centers focus on a range of crucial issues, many of which impact our daily lives. Our topics include the development of cities and regions, the healthcare environment, helping those with physical limitations, and new ways to create music. Center for Inclusive Design and Innovation The Center for Inclusive Design and Innovation (CIDI) is recognized as a leader for services and research in accessibility. We are dedicated to an inclusive society through innovations in assistive and universally designed technologies, with a goal of addressing the full range of needs for accessibility. We are committed to the promotion of technological innovation and development of user-centered research, products, and services for individuals with disabilities. CIDI was created by a merger of the Center for Assistive Technology and Environmental Access (CATEA) and AMAC Accessibility. Senior Director of Finance and Operations: Eric Trevena Director of Services and Learning: Carolyn Phillips http://cidi.gatech.edu 404.894.8000 Digital Building Laboratory The Digital Building Laboratory's purpose is to develop a strong research and development link between the building industry and the building research-related capabilities of Georgia Tech to improve the innovation cycle. Director: Russell Gentry http://www.dbl.gatech.edu Center For Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization The Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization, formerly the Center for Geographic Information Systems, is a leader in the development and application of geo-spatial technologies for nearly 20 years. With a strong track record of interdisciplinary research collaborations at Georgia Tech and across the nation, the Center has helped local, state, and national governments, not-for-profits, and private enterprises in planning, maintaining, and evaluating critical infrastructure for sustainable urban growth. Within the Center is the IMAGINE (Interactive Media Architecture Group in Education) Lab, composed of researchers and students with a mission of serving the Architecture/Engineering/Construction (AEC) community. Primarily, the IMAGINE Lab provides exemplary applications of cutting edge, architectural visualization technologies; and prepares students in the use of these technologies. It is housed in the Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization. Director: Subhro Guhathakurta http://www.cgis.gatech.edu 404.385.0900 Center For Quality Growth and Regional Development The Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development produces, disseminates, and helps implement new ideas and technologies that improve the theory and practice of quality growth. We help society achieve a sustainable, equitable, superior quality of life through sound planning, policy, and design. Director: Catherine L. Ross http://www.cqgrd.gatech.edu 404.385.5133 Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology The Georgia Tech Center for Music Technology is an international center for creative and technological research in music, focusing on the development and deployment of innovative musical technologies that transform the ways in which we create and experience music. Our mission is to provide a collaborative framework for committed students, faculty, and researchers to apply their musical, technological, and scientific creativity to the development of innovative artistic and technological artifacts. Director: Gil Weinberg http://www.gtcmt.gatech.edu 404.385.7642 SimTigrate Design Lab The SimTigrate Design Lab is an interdisciplinary research effort dedicated to driving healthcare innovation through the integration of evidence-based design and simulation. The SimTigrate team seeks to transform healthcare, predict and optimize outcomes and decrease cost. Director: Craig Zimring http://simtigrate.gatech.edu 404.385.3274 Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources