Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home About About Our approach to design education is unique for a design school – as a Georgia Tech college, we naturally associate technology and research with our work. We use design thinking to develop new technologies, anticipate the future of buildings and environments, and change the way people experience art, everyday objects, and their immediate surroundings. College of Design degrees focus on the intersection between technology and the ways people engage with the world. Our classes regularly dig into the science and engineering behind what is traditionally considered art. We emphasize human experiences, from products and soundscapes, to living in buildings and cities. Our design research encompasses today's most pressing human and built environment issues, including accessibility, sustainability, smart cities, and ground-breaking efforts in spatial analysis and music technology. We are accredited. Learn About Georgia Tech Design Teaching Design Since 1908 We began by teaching Architecture more than a century ago. Design in the Heart of Atlanta Our facilities stretch from Westside to Midtown Atlanta. Your School, Our Future Help our students design a responsible and effective future. Consider Working With Us Join the faculty, researchers, and staff of Georgia Tech's most creative college. See and Hear What We Do We invite students, faculty and research scientists from every corner of the Institute to collaborate and innovate with us. We're inviting you, too! Whether you're a prospective student, a local entrepreneur or one of our impressive alumni, we welcome you to tour our buildings, attend our concerts and lectures, or experience our exhibits. Visit Us Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources