Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Job Candidate GT Account-Setup Email Hello, This email is being sent to you as part of the business and technical processes necessary for you to become a Georgia Tech employee. Specifically, this email provides directions and links to establish or update the technology access that you will use as an employee once the paperwork, background checks, etc. are completed successfully. As this message is only part of your hiring process, please continue to be alert and responsive to emails and communications related to your hiring process. Activation steps for new users: Click this link to access passport.gatech.edu. Follow the site’s directions to set up your GT account password, two-factor devices, and password-reset information. Congratulations! Your GT account will be activated. Depending on your job and department, various GT services (i.e., VPN access, email, and account self service) will become available as your hiring process proceeds and your start date approaches. If you need assistance, have questions about your GT account or have questions about the services that your GT account allows you to use, please contact your hiring manager or Georgia Tech’s Enterprise Service Desk at: techsupport.gatech.edu or by calling 404-385-5555 (Mon-Fri 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. EST). Important Note: Georgia Tech has put into place a communication system for use in emergency situations. In the event of a serious emergency, this system allows the Georgia Tech administration to contact you via e-mail, voice, and text messaging, alerting you to important time-sensitive information, directing you as to what actions to take and where to find out more information. Participation in the voice message and SMS component of the communication system, though optional, is strongly encouraged. To sign up, use your new GT account username and password to log into the main Passport website at: passport.gatech.edu. Additional resources: hr.gatech.edu/onboarding hr.gatech.edu/new-employee-experience passport.gatech.edu Phishing concerns: This email is an attempt to establish technology services and, therefore, inherently has phishing-like characteristics. We take phishing very seriously at Georgia Tech and are glad that you’re careful as well. For this reason, we will provide an alternative process below that does not use any links embedded in this email: Browse to Georgia Tech’s home page Read about some of the latest News from campus :-) Use the Search field in upper right corner to search for “Passport account activation” Use the results to access Passport Use the “I don’t know my GT Account Username” and then the Employees option Enter this Code: #CODE# The activation process will proceed as if you clicked the link earlier in the message Last edited by Bryan Peek, 2021-02-02 09:20:23 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology