Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home The John Portman Dean's Chair The John Portman Dean's Chair The John Portman Dean’s Chair bears the name of one of Georgia Tech's most distinguished graduates, the renowned architect and developer John C. Portman Jr., ARCH 1950, Honorary Ph.D. 2012. Portman passed away on December 29, 2017, at the age of 93. The John Portman Dean's Chair reinforces and strengthens the College's ability to attract and retain the very best academic leaders in the field. When reflecting upon the endowed dean’s chair being named in his honor, Portman remarked, "Georgia Tech is a jewel in Atlanta's crown, and the College of Architecture (later renamed the College of Design) played a pivotal role in shaping my life." "I am honored to partner with the institution that means so much to me, while it aims to ensure generations of aspiring architects have a world-class educational foundation on which to build their dreams, contribute to the field, and improve the lives of people everywhere." The John Portman Impact Fearless Graduate Changed 60 Skylines College of Design remembers John Portman's lasting impact on his alma mater. Portman Visiting Critic and Prize John Portman's legacy fosters design excellence in the School of Architecture. Master of Real Estate Development The School of Building Construction's newest degree takes inspiration from John Portman's career. Dual Degree Graduate students can follow John Portman's example with our joint master degree. Keeping Georgia Tech Architecture at the Vanguard Portman earned a Bachelor of Science in Architecture from the Georgia Institute of Technology in 1950. After a three-year apprenticeship with an Atlanta firm, he opened his own firm in 1953 and began making history. Throughout his career, his ties to Georgia Tech have remained strong. The Portman Prize and Portman Visiting Critic Program foster design excellence and student creativity in the School of Architecture at Georgia Tech. The Portman Prize is awarded through competition by a distinguished jury chaired by the Portman Visiting Critic, who also participates over the semester as a design studio critic and public lecturer. The competition jury awards ranked prizes, each carrying monetary awards, and the top prize winner is also offered a summer internship in the office of John Portman & Associates. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources