Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Careers Breadcrumb Home At Georgia Tech, we work to be the technological university of the 21st century and look for individuals who can help make this vision a reality. Do you want a future where you can excel in your discipline, develop your talents, and be part of a team committed to excellence? We invite you to explore opportunities at Georgia Tech and join an institute with a legendary heritage and a limitless future. Internal Applicants Log into OneUSG Connect from Click the Recruiting Self Service tile Then, click the Apply for Jobs tile External Applicants Start Your Search Here Visit the ASC The ASC will serves as the “front door” for all HR inquiries and transaction initiation. Go to ASC Portal Equal Employment Opportunity Georgia Tech is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, age, marital status, disability, genetics (including testing and characteristics), or protected veteran status, uniformed service-member status, political affiliation or any classification protected by federal, state, or local law. Consistent with its obligations under federal law, each company that is a federal contractor or subcontractor is committed to taking affirmative action to employ and advance in employment qualified women, minorities, disabled individuals and veterans. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies. For questions, please contact Ann Harris at ann.harris@ohr.gatech.edu Accessibility Statement Georgia Institute of Technology is committed to making our online job application as accessible as possible. In the event you require accessibility assistance applying for open positions, please contact us at employee-relations@ohr.gatech.edu EEO is the Law EEO is the Law Supplement Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision Poster For additional information click here. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Career Paths Georgia Tech offers academic and research faculty positions and administrative staff positions. These career paths can lead to professional growth and personal satisfaction while working with others who excel in their disciplines. More about Career Paths - Coming Soon! Select a career category below to learn more about specific job opportunities: Academic Faculty Research Faculty Staff & Temporary Staff Explore Georgia Tech Georgia Tech is one of the nation's top research universities, distinguished by its commitment to improving the human condition through advanced science and technology. Our campus occupies 450 acres in the heart of the city of Atlanta, where more than 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students receive a focused, technologically based education. Accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS), the Institute offers many nationally recognized, top-ranked programs. Undergraduate and graduate degrees are offered in the Colleges of Architecture, Engineering, Sciences, Computing, Management, and the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts. Work & Life Balance History & Traditions Diversity & Inclusion Campuses & Global Reach Strategic Plan Campus Tours & Virtual Tour Hiring Process Step 1: Search and apply for a job To apply for a job, begin by reviewing our current postings. Find the job you're interested in, click "Apply" and complete the online application. When you reach the "Thank You" page, you've successfully completed the job submission process for the position you selected. Step 3: Employment screening If you are extended an offer, upon your acceptance we will conduct a thorough pre-employment screen. This may include but is not limited to verifying your work and education history, a criminal background investigation, and a drug test. Step 2: Interview This is your opportunity to tell us more about your skills and for us to share more about the job, career opportunities, and our organization. You may experience a panel interview in which several people in the room will ask you questions, or you may have a series of one-on-one interviews. Step 4: Hire Now that you have successfully completed the hiring process, your next step is to report to work! Although this is the last step in the hiring process, we expect it will be your first step toward fulfilling your career potential at Georgia Tech. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance</a> Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education