Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Pre-College Design Program Video: Georgia Tech College of Design End of program celebration with campers and Buzz. The Pre-College Design program consists of two-week in-person workshops in architecture, building construction, industrial design, and music technology. Hosted by the College of Design at the Georgia Institute of Technology, this program provides the opportunity to engage with our world-class faculty and current students, and give high-school (rising juniors and rising seniors) students insight into what it is like to study at one of the Schools in the College of Design. Sessions The total program fee is $2,500 and a deposit of $250 is due at the time of registration and will be applied to the total program cost. This includes room and board, meals and materials. June 11, 2023 - June 23, 2023 Session I Architecture, Industrial Design July 9, 2023 - July 21, 2023 Session II Architecture, Industrial Design, Building Construction Applications are now open for Summer 2023. Applications are reviewed on a first-come first-serve basis. We are limited to 30 spaces per program in each session. We will also provide a waitlist if needed. Applicants will be notified of acceptance starting March 13, 2023. Apply Here! Architecture Come join us for an energetic immersion into the field of design and making where students will interact with professors, current students, recent graduates, and local practitioners. Our Pre-College summer experience provides hands-on experience in drawing and making to test design ideas for an architectural project. Participants will understand the path to a career in architecture, as well as leave with a design project ready for inclusion in their own portfolio. We are offering 2 sessions of the architecture workshop. Building Construction This program demonstrates that careers in the construction industry go beyond muddy construction sites. There are many career paths possible with a degree in Construction that leverage emerging technologies, project management skills, and provide employment opportunities beyond the field. For two action-packed weeks, we offer hands-on building activities, construction site visits (in person and through immersive virtual-reality), meetings with industry leaders, and tons of practice with drones, laser scanners, 3D printing, Augmented/Virtual Reality, and robots! Learn how to use REVIT and other computer software to model a building and take home a 3D print of your own design-build project’s miniature replica as a souvenir. Industrial Design Industrial Designers design the products we use every day! Appliances, phones, tools, bikes, and many more products emerge through the creative thinking and making of Industrial Designers. Explore the possibilities of this exciting career in our in-person camp. Students will enjoy drawing and modeling to test design ideas, along with learning about local industrial design firms on their way to making their very own consumer product. Music Technology For 2023 we will not be hosting a Music Technology Program due to major renovations of our facilities. Please stay tuned for events throughout the year to learn more about our School of Music! Hope to see you in 2024! Music technologists imagine new inventions for, new ways of listening to, and new ways of playing music. The Music Technology Pre-College program explores ways we create and experience music. In addition to music production, we explore machine learning, music information retrieval systems, immersive audio environments, and performance technologies. We study the use of popular software and hardware in music creation, manipulation, and what future developments are on the horizon. The Difference of Design at Georgia Tech The College of Design's academic approach is more dynamic than other design programs based on fine arts. While our students and our faculty have strong foundations in the traditional industries of architecture, building construction, industrial design, and music technology, at Georgia Tech they regularly collaborate with engineers, computer scientists, and entrepreneurs. Our Pre-College Design Program focuses on the symbiotic relationship between technology, design, and construction. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources