Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News GTRI Careers Log In Subscribe to Job Alerts Join GTRI Talent Pool Applicant FAQ Keywords e.g. "Scientist, Atlanta" Refine search Work type Researchers 129 Researchers: Contract 2 Students: Co-op 15 Students: Graduate Research Asst. (GRA) 3 Students: Intern 12 Students: Undergraduate Student Asst. (SA) 12 Locations Aberdeen, MD 2 Albuquerque, NM 1 Atlanta, GA 119 Boston, MA 4 Colorado Springs, CO 2 Dayton, OH 4 Huntsville, AL 6 Orlando, FL 2 Other 1 Panama City, FL 2 Patuxent River, MD 3 Phoenix, AZ 1 Quantico, VA 2 San Antonio, TX 2 San Diego, CA 3 Shalimar, FL 1 Smyrna, GA 51 Tucson, AZ 6 Warner Robins, GA 10 Washington, DC 3 Categories Acoustics 2 Aeronautics 19 Aerospace 36 Aircraft 27 Algorithm Development 28 Antenna 15 Artificial Intelligence 15 Autonomous Systems 20 Avionics 29 Countermeasures 27 Cybersecurity 40 Data Analytics/Science 27 Electromagnetics 33 Electronic Warfare 70 Embedded Systems 46 Hardware Development/Design 35 High Performance Computing 25 Human Factors 6 Image Processing 10 Information Technology 29 Instrumentation 14 IR 13 ISR & Tactical Systems 30 Lidar 2 Machine Learning 24 Mechanical Design & Analysis 2 Military Vehicles 11 Missile Warning Systems 24 Modeling/Simulation 58 Networking 21 Other 40 Project/Program Management 23 Quantum Computing 2 Radar 58 RF 53 Robotics/Automated Systems 6 Sensors Integration 32 Sensors/Optics 23 Signal Processing 32 Software Development/Design 37 Space Systems 16 System Architecture 38 System Engineering 53 Testing 44 Thermal Controls 2 Threat Systems 36 Undersea Systems 3 Clear Loading... Clear Search results Secure Computing Engineer - Smyrna, GA - SEAL Atlanta, GA, Smyrna, GA 02/27/2023 The purpose of this job is to architect, design, implement, and maintain classified computer systems/networks and cyber security solutions for classified networks including government enclaves. This includes identifying and defining new cybersecurity objectives and controls as well as developing and maintaining automated security validation toolsets. Conducts system, network or software risk assessments. Senior FPGA and CPS Security Research & Development Engineer-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 02/28/2023 TMPO researches microelectronic applications, CAD tools, architectures, and materials to evaluate the security, trust, and reliability of microelectronic devices and the critical systems which rely upon them. TMPO develops tools and techniques in the areas of assurance, anti-tamper, and reliability for FPGAs, ASICs, SoCs, microcontrollers, and other microelectronics. TMPO employees are Research Faculty of Georgia Tech and have the opportunity for dual appointments and teaching positions with other departments of the university. TMPO is a division of GTRI's cyber security lab which contains 300+ engineers and scientists and represents >10% of the total research award funding at Georgia Tech. Sensor Intelligence and Visualization - Student Assistant - Summer 2023 - EOSL Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 This job is for a Student Assistant position to work in the Sensor Intelligence and Visualization Division (SIVD) with the Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory (EOSL) at the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) starting the Summer 2023 semester Embedded Systems Cyber Security Student Assistant – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) seeks Student Assistants to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Embedded Systems Cyber Security GRA - Summer 2023- CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) is skilled in reverse engineering, vulnerability discovery, and forensics analysis of embedded systems ESVD seeks Graduate Research Assistants to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Embedded Systems Cyber Security Co-Op – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) is skilled in reverse engineering, vulnerability discovery, and forensics analysis of embedded systems. ESVD seeks Co-Op students to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Systems Engineer - Dayton, OH - ELSYS Dayton, OH 04/25/2023 The RF/Radar Systems Engineer will serve as a test engineer and data analyst to lead data analysis efforts for electronic warfare test demonstrations at the Integrated Demonstrations and Applications Laboratory (IDAL), located at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. Wireless Security Engineer - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 02/24/2023 Wireless security engineers will develop integrated cyber and electronic warfare capabilities to conduct information operations against threat systems, and will support Test and Evaluation activities to help protect US systems from similar attacks. Avionics Engineer - Smyrna/Atlanta, GA - SEAL Atlanta, GA, Smyrna, GA 02/24/2023 Avionics Engineers define and design military avionic systems and systems-of-systems. This engineer designs hardware and software systems to perform functions such as navigation, communication, tactical data links, electronic warfare, and defensive countermeasures. Applied Physicist - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/24/2023 The Quantum Systems (QS) Division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute's Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research (CIPHER) Lab is seeking self-motivated individuals with experience in quantum sensor or computing research. The division is composed of a large team of scientists and engineers from disciplines including physics, chemistry, electrical engineering, optical science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and chemical engineering. QS employees perform fundamental research exploring next-generation technologies based on exotic physical phenomena, working to prove that devices based on these technologies can provide real-world solutions relevant to sponsors. Our research portfolio includes funded programs in trapped-ion quantum computing, simulation, and sensing, quantum magnetometry and electrometry, molecular data storage technology, mass spectrometry, and chemical sensing. Support is also available for development of projects outside of existing areas of research. QS researchers frequently contribute to projects in other GTRI labs and CIPHER divisions involving research in other topics including artificial intelligence and machine learning, communications, biophysics, security, and optics. The candidate will be expected to work independently and effectively in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team environment. Affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology and located on its main campus in Atlanta Georgia, GTRI offers a unique opportunity to conduct applied research in a university setting. Employees in this position are encouraged to publish academic literature and pursue collaborations with academic, government, and industry partners. Hardware Security and Trust Co-op – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 GTRI’s Trusted Microelectronics Program Office (TMPO) seeks a co-op starting the Summer 2023 semester with an interest in the development of novel cutting-edge software tools and/or hardware design to support research in microelectronics and embedded systems hardware security. Applied Physicist - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/24/2023 The Quantum Systems (QS) Division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute's Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research (CIPHER) Lab is seeking self-motivated individuals with experience in quantum sensor or computing research. The division is composed of a large team of scientists and engineers from disciplines including physics, chemistry, electrical engineering, optical science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and chemical engineering. QS employees perform fundamental research exploring next-generation technologies based on exotic physical phenomena, working to prove that devices based on these technologies can provide real-world solutions relevant to sponsors. Our research portfolio includes funded programs in trapped-ion quantum computing, simulation, and sensing, quantum magnetometry and electrometry, molecular data storage technology, mass spectrometry, and chemical sensing. Support is also available for development of projects outside of existing areas of research. QS researchers frequently contribute to projects in other GTRI labs and CIPHER divisions involving research in other topics including artificial intelligence and machine learning, communications, biophysics, security, and optics. The candidate will be expected to work independently and effectively in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team environment. Affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology and located on its main campus in Atlanta Georgia, GTRI offers a unique opportunity to conduct applied research in a university setting. Employees in this position are encouraged to publish academic literature and pursue collaborations with academic, government, and industry partners. Automated Test Engineer - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 03/31/2023 The Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research Lab (CIPHER) of the Georgia Tech Research Institute is seeking someone with 2-8 years of experience whose primary responsibility will be in designing, building, and leading an automated test program in order to support secure information systems research. Candidates must enjoy working with open source software and cutting edge technologies. Candidates will contribute to sponsored research projects and have an opportunity to interact with other scientists and engineers. Candidate should also have the desire to mentor and lead more junior developer teams. Cloud Engineer - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 03/31/2023 The Secure Information Systems Division (SIS) within the Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research Laboratory (CIPHER) is looking to hire a Cloud Engineer for projects revolving around system networking and application virtualization in a security sensitive environment. Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Software Engineer - GTRI-ICL Atlanta, GA 02/20/2023 Trusted Interoperable Systems and Architectures Division Information and Communications Laboratory Georgia Tech Research Institute Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Information Cybersecurity Engineer - GTRI-ICL Atlanta, GA 03/20/2023 GTRI/ICL seeks qualified candidates for a full-time Information Cybersecurity Engineer role in Atlanta, GA. The qualified candidate will be responsible for contributing to the successful completion of major cybersecurity infrastructures in an AWS environment. Algorithm & Analysis Engineer - EOSL Atlanta, GA 04/21/2023 Responsible for the development and support of state-of-the-art algorithms involving to data fusion, sensor fusion, machine learning, manned/unmanned avionics improvement programs, and genetic programming. Algorithm engineering focuses on the design, analysis, software/hardware implementation, optimization, profiling and experimental evaluation of computer algorithms, bridging the gap between algorithm theory and practical applications of algorithms in software engineering. More Jobs 152 Current opportunities Secure Computing Engineer - Smyrna, GA - SEAL Atlanta, GA, Smyrna, GA 02/27/2023 The purpose of this job is to architect, design, implement, and maintain classified computer systems/networks and cyber security solutions for classified networks including government enclaves. This includes identifying and defining new cybersecurity objectives and controls as well as developing and maintaining automated security validation toolsets. Conducts system, network or software risk assessments. Senior FPGA and CPS Security Research & Development Engineer-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 02/28/2023 TMPO researches microelectronic applications, CAD tools, architectures, and materials to evaluate the security, trust, and reliability of microelectronic devices and the critical systems which rely upon them. TMPO develops tools and techniques in the areas of assurance, anti-tamper, and reliability for FPGAs, ASICs, SoCs, microcontrollers, and other microelectronics. TMPO employees are Research Faculty of Georgia Tech and have the opportunity for dual appointments and teaching positions with other departments of the university. TMPO is a division of GTRI's cyber security lab which contains 300+ engineers and scientists and represents >10% of the total research award funding at Georgia Tech. Sensor Intelligence and Visualization - Student Assistant - Summer 2023 - EOSL Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 This job is for a Student Assistant position to work in the Sensor Intelligence and Visualization Division (SIVD) with the Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory (EOSL) at the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) starting the Summer 2023 semester Embedded Systems Cyber Security Student Assistant – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) seeks Student Assistants to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Embedded Systems Cyber Security GRA - Summer 2023- CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) is skilled in reverse engineering, vulnerability discovery, and forensics analysis of embedded systems ESVD seeks Graduate Research Assistants to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Embedded Systems Cyber Security Co-Op – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 CIPHER’s Embedded Systems Vulnerability Division (ESVD) is skilled in reverse engineering, vulnerability discovery, and forensics analysis of embedded systems. ESVD seeks Co-Op students to support teams performing embedded system cybersecurity testing for Summer 2023 semester. Systems Engineer - Dayton, OH - ELSYS Dayton, OH 04/25/2023 The RF/Radar Systems Engineer will serve as a test engineer and data analyst to lead data analysis efforts for electronic warfare test demonstrations at the Integrated Demonstrations and Applications Laboratory (IDAL), located at Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio. Wireless Security Engineer - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 02/24/2023 Wireless security engineers will develop integrated cyber and electronic warfare capabilities to conduct information operations against threat systems, and will support Test and Evaluation activities to help protect US systems from similar attacks. Avionics Engineer - Smyrna/Atlanta, GA - SEAL Atlanta, GA, Smyrna, GA 02/24/2023 Avionics Engineers define and design military avionic systems and systems-of-systems. This engineer designs hardware and software systems to perform functions such as navigation, communication, tactical data links, electronic warfare, and defensive countermeasures. Applied Physicist - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/24/2023 The Quantum Systems (QS) Division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute's Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research (CIPHER) Lab is seeking self-motivated individuals with experience in quantum sensor or computing research. The division is composed of a large team of scientists and engineers from disciplines including physics, chemistry, electrical engineering, optical science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and chemical engineering. QS employees perform fundamental research exploring next-generation technologies based on exotic physical phenomena, working to prove that devices based on these technologies can provide real-world solutions relevant to sponsors. Our research portfolio includes funded programs in trapped-ion quantum computing, simulation, and sensing, quantum magnetometry and electrometry, molecular data storage technology, mass spectrometry, and chemical sensing. Support is also available for development of projects outside of existing areas of research. QS researchers frequently contribute to projects in other GTRI labs and CIPHER divisions involving research in other topics including artificial intelligence and machine learning, communications, biophysics, security, and optics. The candidate will be expected to work independently and effectively in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team environment. Affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology and located on its main campus in Atlanta Georgia, GTRI offers a unique opportunity to conduct applied research in a university setting. Employees in this position are encouraged to publish academic literature and pursue collaborations with academic, government, and industry partners. Hardware Security and Trust Co-op – Summer 2023 - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/14/2023 GTRI’s Trusted Microelectronics Program Office (TMPO) seeks a co-op starting the Summer 2023 semester with an interest in the development of novel cutting-edge software tools and/or hardware design to support research in microelectronics and embedded systems hardware security. Applied Physicist - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 04/24/2023 The Quantum Systems (QS) Division of the Georgia Tech Research Institute's Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research (CIPHER) Lab is seeking self-motivated individuals with experience in quantum sensor or computing research. The division is composed of a large team of scientists and engineers from disciplines including physics, chemistry, electrical engineering, optical science, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and chemical engineering. QS employees perform fundamental research exploring next-generation technologies based on exotic physical phenomena, working to prove that devices based on these technologies can provide real-world solutions relevant to sponsors. Our research portfolio includes funded programs in trapped-ion quantum computing, simulation, and sensing, quantum magnetometry and electrometry, molecular data storage technology, mass spectrometry, and chemical sensing. Support is also available for development of projects outside of existing areas of research. QS researchers frequently contribute to projects in other GTRI labs and CIPHER divisions involving research in other topics including artificial intelligence and machine learning, communications, biophysics, security, and optics. The candidate will be expected to work independently and effectively in a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team environment. Affiliated with the Georgia Institute of Technology and located on its main campus in Atlanta Georgia, GTRI offers a unique opportunity to conduct applied research in a university setting. Employees in this position are encouraged to publish academic literature and pursue collaborations with academic, government, and industry partners. Automated Test Engineer - CIPHER Atlanta, GA 03/31/2023 The Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research Lab (CIPHER) of the Georgia Tech Research Institute is seeking someone with 2-8 years of experience whose primary responsibility will be in designing, building, and leading an automated test program in order to support secure information systems research. Candidates must enjoy working with open source software and cutting edge technologies. Candidates will contribute to sponsored research projects and have an opportunity to interact with other scientists and engineers. Candidate should also have the desire to mentor and lead more junior developer teams. Cloud Engineer - GTRI-CIPHER Atlanta, GA 03/31/2023 The Secure Information Systems Division (SIS) within the Cybersecurity, Information Protection, and Hardware Evaluation Research Laboratory (CIPHER) is looking to hire a Cloud Engineer for projects revolving around system networking and application virtualization in a security sensitive environment. Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Software Engineer - GTRI-ICL Atlanta, GA 02/20/2023 Trusted Interoperable Systems and Architectures Division Information and Communications Laboratory Georgia Tech Research Institute Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer - Smyrna, GA - ELSYS Smyrna, GA 04/20/2023 The Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) Engineer supports the design, development, and implementation of a wide variety of functionality and algorithms in programmable hardware using the latest high-speed/high-density FPGAs and System-on-Chips (SoC). Information Cybersecurity Engineer - GTRI-ICL Atlanta, GA 03/20/2023 GTRI/ICL seeks qualified candidates for a full-time Information Cybersecurity Engineer role in Atlanta, GA. The qualified candidate will be responsible for contributing to the successful completion of major cybersecurity infrastructures in an AWS environment. Algorithm & Analysis Engineer - EOSL Atlanta, GA 04/21/2023 Responsible for the development and support of state-of-the-art algorithms involving to data fusion, sensor fusion, machine learning, manned/unmanned avionics improvement programs, and genetic programming. Algorithm engineering focuses on the design, analysis, software/hardware implementation, optimization, profiling and experimental evaluation of computer algorithms, bridging the gap between algorithm theory and practical applications of algorithms in software engineering. More Jobs 152 Equal Employment Opportunity Georgia Tech Research Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans and actively seeks diversity among its employees. Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law. Powered by PageUp Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology