Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Design, the Georgia Tech Way Design, the Georgia Tech Way We think it's important to understand how technology enables better design, and how to fuse that technology into buildings, products, lifestyles, cities, regions, and even healthcare. About the College Our Schools Majors and Degrees Undergraduate Programs Our bachelor of science degrees combine creativity, collaboration, and technology. Graduate Programs Our graduate students use design to solve real-world problems and develop new technologies. Degrees and Certificates A full list of the College of Design degrees, minors, and certificates. New Grant, New Phase Last year, Julie Kim's team won a $180,000 grant to continue collaborating with the English Avenue community, identifying needs and planning solutions. This year, they’ve won another $180,000 to build on the momentum of their work. Read the full story Celebrating 70 Years of Women at Tech Catherine Ross To mark the 70th-anniversary milestone, Georgia Tech asked some of the women who have contributed to the Institute’s growth in leadership, research, and teaching. These women, including College of Design's Catherine Ross, shared thoughts on their early days at Tech, proudest achievements, changes they would like to see, and advice for the next generation. Read Catherine Ross's story Read the Institute's feature Conversations with Cabrera Dean Bassett spoke with Georgia Tech President Ángel Cabrera about the versatility and value of urban planning, its impact on the built environment, and why design matters. Watch other conversations at the Office of the President website Design Research Our six research centers focus on a range of crucial issues, many of which impact our daily lives. Our topics include the development of cities and regions, the healthcare environment, helping those with physical limitations, and new ways to create music. Research Centers ADR Welcome Fall 2022 Concerts School of Music Ensembles Each semester, the Georgia Tech School of Music ensembles deliver a diverse selection of performances to the campus and Atlanta communities. Join us! Pianist and composer Laura Ballestrino will be an artist in residence with the School of Music from September 14 – 28. Her visit includes a performance with the GT Symphony Orchestra on September 22nd where she will perform Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4 and present the world premiere of her orchestral suite composed based on video game scores she has written. Our concerts are also live-streamed on the School of Music YouTube channel. Fall Concert Schedule School of Music YouTube Channel Student Achievement GT Team Wins DOE Solar Decathlon Graduating with Empathy: Timothy Min Candace Washington Wins Tower Award GT Team Named 2022 ULI Hines Finalists Hong Wins 2022 ARCC Awards Tzu-Chieh Kurt Hong (Ph.D. Arch ’21) has won a 2022 King Medal from the Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC) for his work on the Shape Machine. ARCC awards one King Medal annually to one student per ARCC member institution. Earlier this year, Hong won the 2022 ARCC Dissertation Award for the same work. Read more about Hong's dissertation Read the latest announcement on the ARCC website Honors and Recognition Gentry Chairs GA Carbon Bank Committee Andris Appointed to Geospatial Advisory Committee Brittney Boykin at the Kennedy Center Tech Team Named 2022 ULI Hines Finalist Willkens Wins AIAS Educator Honor Award Hong Wins 2022 ARCC Dissertation Award Flourishing Communities Wins Pit-UN Grant Dunham-Jones Wins National Book Award Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources