Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Support the College of Design Support the College of Design With our proud history behind us, the College of Design is designing the future. Our faculty and students contribute innovative research to all design fields, from the latest in building technologies to growing healthy cities to using technology in music. Our society is rapidly changing. Today it is more important than ever to educate our students in a way that will equip them to face the challenges of the future responsibly and effectively. As a leader in design research and education, we must have the resources to recruit and retain the very best students and faculty. We can only do that with support from our alumni and friends. The Director of Development for the College of Design, Susan Sanders, can help you figure out the best ways to assist our Schools and help build our students' future. Email Susan Sanders today! Alumni Engagement You may have “gotten out”, but your connection to Georgia Tech and the College of Design never ends. We have over 8,700 alumni worldwide, so no matter where you are there’s someone nearby who knows what “THWG” stands for. And no matter where you are in the world, we want you to stay connected to us in Atlanta! Ways To Stay Connected With The College: Update Your Contact Information And stay in touch. We want to be able to tell people what you’re up to! Hire a Student If you have internship or job opportunities for College of Architecture students or alumni, we’d love to know about it. Attend an Event We regularly host lectures here in Atlanta, and our alumni group holds events nationwide. Give a Gift Please email Susan Sanders if you’re interested in making a gift to advance the College. Join the Georgia Tech Alumni Association The College of Architecture Affinity Group is free, and a great way stay on top of what’s going on at the Institute. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources