Skip to content Return Home Solutions Services News Events Contact Search I Want To... Learn More About ... Internet2 2022 Technology Exchange InCommon Internet2 News Internet2 Videos Internet2 Services Network Connector Cloud Services Higher Education Members How to Report a Network Issue Network We're more than just a network Learn More Network Home Networking for Cloud Support for Research Services for Network Providers Operations & Support Initiatives & Partnerships Regional R&E Networks Security Your key to seamless campus security Learn more Security Home Security Cloud Services Performance & Analytics Tools InCommon Identity and Access Management eduroam Partnerships Routing Security Cloud Reliable, secure services to get you to the Cloud Learn more Cloud Home Cloud Access NET+ Cloud Services Cloud Scorecard Networking for Cloud CLASS (Cloud Learning and Skills Sessions) E-CAS (Exploring Clouds for Acceleration of Science) Community Internet2 Community Our community = the heart of who we are and what we do Learn more Community Home Membership Research Engagement Minority Serving - Cyberinfrastructure Consortium Community Anchor Program (K-12, Libraries, and Other Institutions) Community Groups About Us Menu Close Search Search InCommon Identity and Access Management Through InCommon, Internet2 offers a complete suite of identity and access management (IAM) services and community-source software. Security, Privacy, and IAM Tools Built for Research and Education InCommon provides integrated service and software solutions to address these needs: single sign-on (SSO), access to cloud and local services, identity and access management solutions built by research and education, and roaming wi-fi. Get the Latest on eduroam About InCommon InCommon grew out of Internet2’s work in trusted access to resources, which has been underway since 1998. In 2000, Internet2 received the first of what would become 10 federal agency awards, with Internet Hall of Fame inductee Ken Klingenstein as principal investigator. The awards include nine from the National Science Foundation and one from the Department of Commerce. This led to the creation of the Internet2 Middleware Initiative, and both Shibboleth and InCommon grew out of that program early on. InCommon provides integrated service and software solutions for research and education that include single sign-on, access to cloud and local services, and seamless global collaboration for students, faculty, staff, and researchers. InCommon also serves as the U.S. node for the eduroam roaming wi-fi service. For more information, visit incommon.org. Single Sign-on Across Campus and Around the World The InCommon Federation provides secure single sign-on access to cloud and local services, and global collaboration tools. We connect millions of users and hundreds of educational institutions, research organizations, and commercial resource providers. More at incommon.org Wi-Fi Just Got Easier Be a wireless hero! Provide your faculty, students, and staff with eduroam seamless access to global roaming wi-fi. They open their laptops and are connected (at participating organizations). More at incommon.org Unlimited Server and User Certificates The InCommon Certificate Service provides unlimited security certificates for one annual fee, covering all of your domains. More at incommon.org Identity and Access Management Software The InCommon Trusted Access Platform is an identity and access management suite of software designed to integrate with existing systems. The software is packaged to simplify installation and configuration. More at incommon.org Working Together to Move Forward More than 1,000 organizations strong, the InCommon community includes collaborators from higher education, research, corporate, federal and international organizations. Our community asks questions, then turns the answers into software, services, and best practices. More at incommon.org Workshops, Conferences, and Training InCommon provides expert-led component training and implementation support, plus workshops and technical meetings for the beginner as well as the seasoned pro. More at incommon.org Quick Links Steering Committee Members Announced for InCommon Federation Internet2 announced the selection of three new members to the InCommon Steering Committee on Monday, Jan. 25. IAM Online InCommon’s mostly monthly webinar series that delivers interactive education on timely IAM topics. InCommon Community InCommon has its own set of working groups and advisory groups (note: link leads to InCommon wiki). Follow Us: Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter YouTube About Us Membership News Executive Leadership Media Resources Careers Policies Help Network Networking for Cloud Operations and Support State and Regional R&E Networks Security Security Cloud Services Performance & Analytics Tools Identity and Access Management Cloud NET+ Cloud Services Cloud Connect Cloud Learning and Skills Sessions (CLASS) Community Research Engagement Community Groups Community Anchor Program © 2023 Internet2 Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Site Design by FIREANT STUDIO