Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News News Latest News See all Latest News > 01.23.2023 GTRI's Real-time Intelligent Fusion Service, Forklift Assist Program Could Enhance Warehouse Efficiency, Safety Read More 01.18.2023 GTRI, Army Team Up for Decoy Hackathon Read More 01.11.2023 GTRI's 2nd Hiring Our Heroes Cohort Credits Fellowship for Easing Military Transition Read More 01.06.2023 5G and Artificial Intelligence Team Up to Optimize Military Fueling Read More 12.15.2022 New Weather Radar Could be a Game-Changer for the State Read More 12.11.2022 Lunar Flashlight Heads to the Moon to Search for Water Read More Featured Stories See all Featured Stories > 10.14.2022 Blowin’ in the Wind Materials scientists at GTRI have worked with a team of artists and recording engineers to boost the quality of analog music reproduction through a new surface coating. Read More 10.13.2022 New Research Will Study Mysterious Effects of Gigantic Jet Lightning Most lightning travels between clouds and the ground, or within and between clouds. But a curious phenomenon known as “gigantic jets” fires powerful bursts of electrical charge. Read More 07.05.2022 David Picinich's Career Comes Full Circle with New ‘Top Gun’ Film For GTRI Senior Research Scientist David "Pearl" Picinich, the debut of "Top Gun: Maverick" marks a nostalgic close to an action-packed chapter in his life story. Read More In The News See all headlines In The News > 12.20.2022 Georgia Tech Research Georgia Tech Remains in Top 20 in Higher Education Research Spending For the second consecutive year, the Georgia Institute of Technology has garnered a spot among the 20 universities in the U.S. with the highest amount of research and development (R&D) spending. Georgia Tech’s R&D spending of $1.114 billion in fiscal year 2021 reflects a 6.2% increase from the 2020 figure for its entire research enterprise, which includes the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI). 12.14.2022 FOX 5 Atlanta New weather radar ‘could save lives’, researchers at UGA and Georgia Tech say Keeping a watchful eye on severe weather across north Georgia just got a little easier. That’s according to Dr. Marshall Shepherd and John Trostel, two of the top researchers at the University of Georgia and Georgia Institute of Technology. The two helped secure funding to purchase a new weather radar system. Visit all of GTRI's news Subscribe Subscribe to the GTRI Signal, our monthly research newsletter. Subscribe GTRI Signal View all issues of GTRI's first-ever monthly research newsletter, GTRI Signal. View More Georgia Tech Research Podcast The Georgia Tech Research Podcast examines the institute's efforts to develop exciting new technologies through interviews with our team of expert researchers. Listen Now GTRI 2021 Annual Report An overview of our accomplishments, research investments, and outreach programs in 2021. Read the Report Media Inquiries Please use this form to contact us regarding any media inquires. Inquiries Form Latest News Discover how GTRI solves complex problems for our customers and makes an impact in the community. Learn More Featured Stories Take an ever deeper look into GTRI's research activities with our Featured Stories. Learn More In The News View the latest headlines covering GTRI and Georgia Tech research. Learn More Annual Reports These reports contain examples of GTRI's achievements across our core research disciplines. Learn More Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology