Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes services/onboarding Onboarding new people to have a GTID and GT account at Georgia Tech has been confusing to some people, so here is a review and comparison of the different processes. There are different security needs for these processes. For example new student applicants have little data to protect, so don’t need the vetting strength required for a student with FERPA data already in Banner, or the vetting strength needed for an employee account. The main types of onboarding situations are for these types: ‘employees’ ‘credit students’ ‘PE students’ ‘LI students’ and ‘GTRI employees’ Details: 1.Student Onboarding: a) Credit applicants - we creat the account because all applicants get a GT account At 9am each day, Undergrad and Grad enrollment dep send generic email saying go to passport to set up acct . They have enough points in the vetting system, and this is designed to allow the new student applicant to be successful in self service account claiming. (Vetting score needed is low enough, for them to succeed). b) Credit applicants claiming late - However,students are able to pay deposits and other tasks, and sometimes do not activate their accounts until later in the term, and if they wait until they are ‘students’ then the vetting score needed goes higher. This was addressed by added a rule to allow such users, claiming an account, to succeed, by lowing vetting score. c) PE students and some LI students - are send a special link from IAM saying to set up your account. This has a deep link into passport. 2.Employees onboarding: a) GTRI employees - have a pilot process for onboarding, where GTRI HR/business person mgt initiates an onboarding using a Servicenow form early on in the hiring process with minimal info. That invokes an API that updates a database and notifies OIT IAM. An email from that process goes to the applicant asking them to click a special link and this ensures a GTID exists and an account exists for that person. Once that is done, SN request gets closed with a gtid and account. A second part of this occurs when the employment record later shows up in oneUSG HCM, there is a machine process to match emplid and gtid, (and there are known flaws with this process, such as incorrect emplid to gtid matching *). *there is a potential to improve this matching based on info (like name,startdate,email address) from first process For IAM team see also: https://lucid.app/lucidchart/bb1a09c6-abf1-4611-8dfa-9395da76c3e0/edit?page=0_0# b) Non GTRI employees Once onboarded a secondary account -can- be claimed via self service because we now have hints, they have email, and those help them claim any new account. This process gets them a GTID matched to a emplid, and an account, but doesn’t get the account password to the end user. c) Manual process. A CSR or HR person can set up the accounts. Look them up in IAT, onboard them, hand the person a user square. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2021-09-16 12:17:58 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology