Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Welcome to the College of Design Welcome to the College of Design When you put a college filled with creative intellectuals in a culture of technology and innovation, you end up with the kind of design that can change the planet and the lives of everyone on it. Schedule a Visit! Contact Us for Information Our Schools School of Architecture School of Building Construction School of City and Regional Planning School of Industrial Design School of Music Prepare Your Application Pre-College Undergraduate Admission Graduate Admission Are You a Transfer Student? A complete course transfer evaluation will be done when you have been accepted to Tech. The Institute will determine whether you have completed courses that transfer credit for design studio work or other architecture-related course work. You should provide course descriptions, syllabi, and a portfolio for review. Prospective transfer students to any College of Design majors must speak with an academic advisor prior to applying to discuss the most appropriate semester for them to apply. School of Architecture Robin Tucker School of Industrial Design Troy Whyte School of Music Chris Moore Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources