Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News About Us At GTRI, we develop advanced technology solutions and large-scale system prototypes to address the most difficult problems in national security, economic development, and the overall human condition. The Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) is the nonprofit, applied research organization of the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech). Founded in 1934 as the Engineering Experiment Station, GTRI has grown to more than 2,900 employees supporting eight laboratories in over 20 locations around the country. In FY2022 GTRI had over $833M of problem-solving research awards for government and industry. Each day, GTRI's science and engineering expertise is used to turn ideas into workable solutions for our customers. We take the best ideas, often co-developed with our Georgia Tech academic partners, and turn them into systems applications that provide a significant technological advantage over other approaches. GTRI's renowned researchers combine science, engineering, economics, policy and technical expertise to solve complex problems for the U.S. federal government, state and industry. We develop highly effective, practical solutions that we put into action. As a non-profit research institute, we are an objective partner who delivers workable solutions and manufacturable products. Our highly specialized laboratories and interdisciplinary research centers allow us to bring the right mix of talent, experience and creativity to every project. Our Vision Our people are the foremost innovators creating a secure nation, a prosperous Georgia, and a sustainable world. Our Mission The Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) is the nonprofit, applied research organization of the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech). GTRI is a designated University Affiliated Research Center (UARC) and leverages its science and engineering expertise, in collaboration with Georgia Tech, to enhance the impact of our collective research output. We advance technology and provide innovative solutions to: Enhance State of Georgia economic development. Serve National Security. Improve the human condition. Educate future technology leaders. Our Priority GTRI’s top priority is our people. We are committed to developing our staff, students, and research faculty as thought leaders. We measure our success by the impact our people have in our mission areas. A thought leader is one whose views on a subject are respected and influential. They have a positive reputation for helping others with their knowledge and insight, and establish rich, meaningful relationships with those they are trying to reach. Everyone at GTRI has the potential to be a thought leader, whether they enable our missions by being a thought leader in finance, IT, security, or operations; work within a team to deliver on a project; or work directly with our sponsors. Our people are our core, our differentiator, and our secret weapon. Prioritizing our people will ensure our strategic success. Our Values GTRI’s values align with the broader beliefs of the Georgia Institute of Technology. They guide how we address our top priority, reach our vision, and impact our mission areas. We celebrate collaboration. We enable and celebrate collaboration across disciplines and perspectives, between units and laboratories, and with other organizations at home and around the world. We value the contributions of all members of our community, promote civil and respectful discourse, and help one another succeed. We thrive on diversity. We see diversity of backgrounds and perspectives as essential to learning, discovery, and creation. We strive to remove barriers of access and to build an inclusive community where people of all backgrounds have the opportunity to learn and contribute to our mission. We act ethically. We hold one another to the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct. We are transparent and accountable and strive to earn and maintain the public trust. We strive for excellence. We strive to be among the best at what we do and set high expectations for each of us individually and for our community as a whole. The expectation of excellence, which is instrumental in our ability to have a meaningful impact in the world, extends to our teaching, our research and creative endeavors, our outreach programs, and our operations. We safeguard freedom of inquiry and expression. We protect the freedom of all members of our community to ask questions, seek truth, and express their views. We cherish diversity of ideas as necessary conditions for learning, discovery, scholarship, and creativity. We champion innovation. We inspire, empower, and provide the resources and environment for innovative ideas to flourish. We welcome new concepts and approaches that lead to creative ideas and solutions. We are responsible stewards. We are careful stewards of the resources we are entrusted with and strive to be an example of sustainability, efficiency, respect, and responsibility. We nurture the well-being of our community. We strive to build a healthy and vibrant environment that helps every member of our community to grow holistically and develop the self-awareness, knowledge, and practices necessary to pursue healthy, purposeful, and fulfilling lives. Organization GTRI hires and supports the best problem-solvers in the business. Learn more Working With GTRI Our customers know they can count on us to solve their toughest problems. Learn More Outreach GTRI fulfills an educational mission in addition to research and development. Learn More Research Security We are vigilant in protecting the trust of our partners. Learn More Ethics & Compliance Integrity is at the core of GTRI’s reputation for excellence. Learn More History Explore how GTRI has been leading innovation for over 80 years. View our history Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology