Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News EU GDPR Privacy Notice EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice This is the Georgia Institute of Technology’s (Georgia Tech) Georgia Tech Research Institute’s (GTRI) privacy and legal notice for compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”). For more information regarding the EU GDPR, please review Georgia Tech’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy. Lawful Basis for Collecting and Processing of Personal Data Georgia Tech is an institute of higher education involved in education, research, and community development. In order for GTRI to process applications for employment and to conduct research and its associated business correspondence, it must collect, use and process this personal data. The lawful basis for the collection and processing of personal data by GTRI falls under the following categories: For the purposes of processing applications for employment: Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Georgia Tech or third parties in providing employment. For the purposes of conducting research and its associated business correspondence Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract. Types of Personal Data collected and why In order for Georgia Tech to process employment applications and to conduct research, it needs to collect the following categories of personal data: Name Contact information including, without limitation, email address, physical address, phone number, and other location data Unique personal identifiers and biographical information (e.g. date of birth) Details of your education and/or employment qualifications Information related to visa requirements, copies of passports and other documents to ensure compliance with U.S. laws Race and ethnicity Gender The personal data collected by GTRI will be shared as follows: Georgia Tech Unit Purpose Office of Human Resources Completing the hiring process and providing Affirmative Action statistics Office of Sponsored Projects Conducting research Georgia Tech Employees As needed for specific research projects Third-Party Name Purpose Research Sponsors As needed for specific research projects If you have specific questions regarding the collection and use of your personal data, please contact the Office of Enterprise Data Management at eugdpr@edm.gatech.edu. If a data subject refuses to provide personal data that is required by Georgia Tech in connection with one of Georgia Tech’s lawful bases to collect such personal data, such refusal may make it impossible for Georgia Tech to provide education, employment, research or other requested services. Where Georgia Tech gets Personal and Sensitive Personal Data Georgia Tech receives personal and sensitive personal data from multiple sources. Most often, Georgia Tech gets this data directly from the data subject or under the direction of the data subject who has provided it to a third party (for example, application for undergraduate admission to Georgia Tech through use of the Common App). Individual Rights of the Data Subject under the EU GDPR Individual data subjects covered by Georgia Tech’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy will be afforded the following rights: a) information about the controller collecting the data b) the data protection officer contact information c) the purposes and legal basis/legitimate interests of the data collection/processing d) recipients of the personal data e) if Georgia Tech intends to transfer personal data to another country or international organization f) the period the personal data will be stored g) the existence of the right to access, rectify incorrect data or erase personal data, restrict or object to processing, and the right to data portability h) the existence of the right to withdraw consent at any time i) the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (established in the EU) j) why the personal data are required, and possible consequences of the failure to provide the data k) the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling l) if the collected data are going to be further processed for a purpose other than that for which it was collected Note: Exercising of these rights is a guarantee to be afforded a process and not the guarantee of an outcome. Any data subject who wishes to exercise any of the above-mentioned rights may do so by filling such request with the Office of Enterprise Data Management at eugdpr@edm.gatech.edu Cookies Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users’ web browsers to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication. The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user. Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns. This information is used in the aggregate to monitor and enhance our web pages. It is not used to track the usage patterns of individual users. Security of Personal Data subject to the EU GDPR All personal data and sensitive personal data collected or processed by Georgia Tech under the scope of the Georgia Tech EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy must comply with the security controls and systems and process requirements and standards of NIST Special Publication 800-171 as set forth in the Georgia Tech Controlled Unclassified Information Policy. Georgia Open Records Act As a state university, Georgia Tech is subject to the provisions of the Georgia Open Records Act (ORA). Except for those records that are exempt from disclosure under the ORA, the ORA provides that all citizens are entitled to view the records of state agencies on request and to make copies for a fee. The ORA requires that Georgia Tech produce public documents within three business days. For more information on Georgia Tech’s ORA compliance, please visit the Open Records Act page on the Legal Affairs website. Data Retention Georgia Tech keeps the data it collects for the time periods specified in the University System of Georgia Records Retention Schedules: https://www.usg.edu/records_management/schedules/. For examples of Human Resources (Employment) Records Retention Schedules, see: https://www.usg.edu/records_management/schedules/930 For examples of Research Records Retention Schedules, see: https://www.usg.edu/records_management/schedules/932 Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology