Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes howto/search firewalls All In the past, it has been sufficient to investigate firewall drops by looking at static inbound rules on host firewalls (on host) and on network firewalls (fw.noc). OIT doesn’t normally do outbound firewalls, so that was usually enough looking. The rare exceptions were outbound fw issues for depts like ITG or GTRI, or local firewalls on windows boxes. Or if the firewall got so busy that it did the drop but didn’t log it. (I haven’t seen that in a long time.) But the Palo Alto firewalls introduce a new wrinkle, as they have the ability to do IPS - stop an attack in progress if it meets an attack signature. These are vetted, but there are thousands of such signatures. If you suspect this, like you have a busy ssh client that might look like a DoS ssh attack, you can follow the steps below to verify if drops occurred. Here is a note from the network team on the subject. Sent: Friday, January 26, 2018 1:31 PM To: csr@lists.gatech.edu; Intranet of People Subject: Viewing Firewall Logs for Firewalls on Palo Alto Firewalls As you may know, we have recently transitioned most of the firewalls on Campus to Palo Alto Firewalls. We are working on updating the Book of Knowledge firewall log search to be a more streamlined process. I have attached a document to this email that explains the current process to view logs for firewalls hosted on Palo Alto firewalls. We are working diligently to make this a better process in the near future. How to check Firewall logs for Palo Alto Firewalls using Book of Knowledge Log into the firewall beta page. https://fw.noc.gatech.edu/beta/main.php From the drop down navigate to the firewall that you want to view logs for. Located at the top of the Firewall page you will see information describing the Firewall. Note which Palo Alto Firewall is hosting the firewall. Subnet: 128.61.131.0/24 Number of Servers: 256; inside VLAN 431, outside VLAN 2431 Last Edited: 30 Aug 2017 13:32:47 Last Upload: 21 Dec 2017 05:45:03 Hosted On: ni-dept-pa.gatech.edu This example indicates the firewall is hosted in ni-dept-pa.gatech.edu Log into https://bok.noc.gatech.edu/index.php Navigate to the Tools tab Select the Firewall Log Search link Click on Load Full List From the drop down select ni-dept-pa.gatech.edu Grep for the firewall ie: ibb-431-fw You can grep for additional terms to narrow your search. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2018-02-21 10:38:03 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology