Skip to main content menu Search secondary-header-main-menu About Careers Diversity Subscribe Contact Georgia Tech Search Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News Diversity and Inclusion We achieve inclusive excellence by valuing the varied ideas, backgrounds, and perspectives of our people. Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) at GTRI aims to enhance the Institute’s mission of solving the world’s most complex technical problems by creating a workforce with a shared appreciation for diversity, raising awareness around inclusiveness, and fostering a sense of belonging and appreciation for all members of our community. Our Diversity and Inclusion goals include: Position the Institute to cultivate innovation and cultural competence Hold the Institute’s leaders accountable for promoting inclusiveness Improve Institute’s representation of minorities and women Diversity and Inclusion Focus Areas: Diversity and Inclusion is focusing on five critical areas: Expand the experience of a more welcoming and inclusive GTRI by fostering a sense of belonging and cross-cultural appreciation across the GTRI Enterprise. Provide holistic and customized diversity education and professional development specific to GTRI employees and increase the cultural competency of all GTRI personnel. Build strong relationships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), minority-serving institutions (MSIs), surrounding communities, and other partners as we expand GTRI’s diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. Support diversifying the GTRI workforce by addressing bias in the search, hiring, succession planning, and promotion processes. Improve the communication and coordination of diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives throughout the GTRI enterprise. While efforts surrounding diversity had been underway before GTRI’s 2020 strategic plan was released, stating our goals, purpose, and intentions in writing allows GTRI to inform our internal community, prospective employees, sponsors, and the world that diversity is core to our organization. Diversity and Inclusion Working Council The D&I Working Council is comprised of researchers, staff, and students here at GTRI. The GTRI Diversity and Inclusion Working Council will concentrate on five areas to measure impact and drive effectiveness: Metrics & Analytics Professional Development Recruiting and Retention Outreach Networking Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) In July 2020, under the leadership of Diversity and Inclusion and in collaboration and partnership across the enterprise, GTRI launched six employee resource groups (ERGs) to foster a more inclusive work environment at GTRI. ERGs at GTRI drive opportunities for employee engagement, professional development, education and training, recruitment, retention, and community outreach. Our ERGs provide resources that encourage connection and advocacy across the Institute. ERGs at GTRI serve as employee-led internal communities, providing personal connections for cohesive groups to assist the Institute in removing barriers. GTRI employees create and define our Employee Resource Groups. GTRI encourages participation in the six Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) offered on campus by Georgia Tech Institute Diversity. Each ERG focuses on the needs of specific groups at GTRI: CARES@GTRI is an inclusive community for employees who identify with having a visible or invisible disability, caregivers for individuals with disabilities, and allies. AFFIRMED@GTRI is an inclusive community for employees who identify as members or allies of the LGBTQ+ community. HER@GTRI is an inclusive community for employees who identify as women, inclusive of transitioning and transwomen, and allies. IDENTIFY@GTRI is an inclusive community for employees who identify as minorities, persons of color, or allies. EMERGE@GTRI is an inclusive community for the next generation of GTRI’s workforce: employees who identify as Generation Y/Millennials, Generation Z, and their allies. SERV@GTRI aims to connect, unite, and empower GTRI veterans, National Guard and Reserve members, allies, and their family members to promote a culture of integrity, honor, service, and support. We invite all GTRI employees to join an ERG that they identify with or want to support and their sponsored programs and events are open to everyone. In addition to GTRI's ERGs, Georgia Tech has its own ERGs, which are open to members of the GTRI community. For more information on the ERGs at the Institute, visit Georgia Tech’s Institute Diversity page. Inclusion Initiatives Learn more about the Inclusion initiatives here at GTRI and Georgia Tech. Learn More D&I Resources Explore GTRI resources offered to encourage engagement and equity. Learn More D&I Communications Updates from GTRI's Director of Diversity Strategy. Learn More GTRI FOCUS Fellows Program The FOCUS program at Georgia Tech is one of the nation’s premier graduate recruitment programs designed to attract highly skilled students who have been historically underrepresented in higher education. LEARN MORE Main navigation Core Competencies Laboratories Locations News secondary-footer-main-menu Directory About Careers Diversity Contact Facebook Twitter Linkedin Youtube third-menu-footer GTRI WebWISE Legal & Privacy Information EU GDPR Privacy Notice Terms of Use Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Clery Act EEOC/OFCCP © Copyright Georgia Institute of Technology