Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Digital Fabrication Lab Digital Fabrication Lab The Digital Fabrication Lab (DFL) is a College of Design facility for the fabrication and assembly of prototypes and mock-ups, ranging from human scale to building scale. The lab supports College of Design studios, electives, and research, by providing access to workspace, studio space, and training on machines. Additionally, the lab houses a small structures and materials characterization lab. Coursework and research in this facility examine the transition between digital inputs and physical outputs using CNC equipment. Space and Machinery The main component of the DFL is a 13,000 ft2 high bay shop, containing both large and small format machines for working wood, metal, plastic, and concrete. This facility has a full-height loading dock, a half-height loading dock, and can receive deliveries off any size truck. Centered around the high bay are large format CNC machines: 3 and 5 axis routers (4’x8’) 3 axis waterjet (5’x10’) 4 axis hotwire foam cutter (4’x4’x4’) A 6 axis Kuka Robotic arm (KR Quantec Pro) also provides capability in robotic programming, control, and fabrication. A host of smaller manual equipment, for drilling, sanding, cutting, welding, etc., complement the automated equipment. Computer Lab The computer lab supports studios, electives, and seminars. Our software package contains the College of Design's standard design software, as well as specialized software tied to parametric modeling, digital modeling, and fabrication. Lab Entry The DFL is a secured building with card access to doors and loading docks. The lab is only available to select students, faculty, and guests of the College of Design. Completion of a lab safety course is required for access to the machinery in this lab. Location and Hours Address: 676 Marietta Street, Atlanta, GA 30318 Hours: Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Saturday and Sunday: Closed Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources