Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Portfolio Guidance for Undergraduate Applicants For students applying to College of Design programs, a portfolio of your work can tell us a great deal about your preparedness for your chosen major. Faculty in the College of Design review these portfolios along with your essays, and provide valuable input during the admissions process. We'll learn more about whether your interests align with what we do here at Georgia Tech. Our degree programs heavily emphasize creativity and the act of making, whether that be through drawings, physical prototypes, the design of instruments, or software development. A portfolio is an important way for you to demonstrate your creative and artistic skills that go beyond what can be captured through the application alone. When combined with your application essays, we will be able to see your aptitude and interests in your major interest of study. We hope that you take the time to carefully curate and craft your portfolio so that it is the best reflection of you and shows why Tech is the right place for you. Music Technology: The School of Music requires a portfolio and essay for all applicants that focus on your understanding of the major, your career goals, and your previous experiences with both performance and music technology. Applications without the portfolio and essay will be considered incomplete and will not be reviewed. Architecture and Industrial Design: Although the Schools of Architecture and Industrial Design do not require portfolios, we welcome students to submit a portfolio to provide additional insight into your visual training, professional aspirations, and your qualifications unique to a design-based field. Music Technology -- Portfolio and Essay (Required) Students applying to the B.S. in Music Technology are required to submit both a portfolio and an essay. First-Year applicants will be given a link to the Music Technology supplemental form on your Georgia Tech application status page after you submit your application. You will have until the document deadline for the round (Early Action or Regular Decision) for which you have applied to submit the supplemental form. Transfer applicants will have the opportunity to complete the Music Technology supplemental form as part of your application and prior to submission. Essay Your essay should cover the following: Please describe in detail your experience in music performance, composition, arranging, and/or theory. List primary instrument(s) or voice part and include any ensembles where you have had public performances. Please describe in detail all of your direct experiences in music technology. Portfolio You are required to submit 2-4 samples of your work by providing a URL where they can be reviewed by program faculty. Please limit each audio or video sample to a maximum duration of 3 minutes. Examples can include, but are not limited to: Solo performance on your acoustic instrument, electronic instrument or voice Recordings, scores or electronic realizations of musical compositions or arrangements Recordings you have produced or engineered Software of hardware you have designed or implemented Reports or results from scientific experiments, particularly if related to music Please list the URL(s) here with appropriate password information, if necessary (Note: If you are using youtube, videos may be marked as “unlisted”, but please DO NOT list videos as “private”) In no more than 250 words, describe each of the samples you have included. For samples realized with a group, please describe your specific role. NOTE: The Bachelor of Science in Music Technology focuses on music and technical skills that prepare students to design and implement new software, hardware, algorithms, research projects, and other innovative ideas in the music industry. It is not a traditional program in music performance or music production. Architecture and Industrial Design -- Portfolio (Optional) Students applying to the B.S. in Architecture or Industrial Design programs may choose to submit a portfolio. First-Year applicants will be given a link to both the Design Portfolio on your Georgia Tech application status page after you submit your application. You will have until the document deadline for the round (Early Action or Regular Decision) for which you have applied to submit your portfolio. Transfer applicants will have the opportunity to complete the Design Portfolio as part of your application and prior to submission. Portfolio A successful portfolio will include no more than 10 high quality reproductions of your best and most recent artwork. We encourage you to submit original ideas and work (rather than copies of other artwork). Our interest is in evaluating your skill, craft/discipline, and creativity. Your portfolio can include, but is not limited to: Drawings (especially those from real-life observations), Painting, 2D and 3D design, Photography, Woodworking, Sculpture, or Any other visual media that demonstrates your skill and creativity. Mechanical and architectural drawings are NOT necessary. If included, they should emphasize design and creativity, and not just technical skills. Each item in the portfolio should be labeled with: Information about the original size and the medium used (or software, if applicable), Whether the piece was part of a class assignment or done on your own, and A 1-2 sentence comment about the piece that explains your design intentions. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources