Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Design Students at Georgia Tech Design Students at Georgia Tech We know you expect to get challenged academically by Georgia Tech, but you might be surprised by the collaborative and innovative culture we foster at the College of Design. Our students are altruistically motivated and use their chosen degrees to help other people. They adapt technology and use design know-how to: create better buildings for people to live in; produce products that make lives better; plan neighborhoods and cities that are healthy and fair; and build unique experiences that help people learn, find inspiration, or get empowered. Outside of our classes, Georgia Tech students have access to more than 450 student organizations, including 50 Greek organizations, distinguished athletics groups, drama, and music ensembles. Despite spending hours in largely studio-based programs, our students are active members and leaders in clubs all across camps. The students in the College of Design also have access to several industry-related and professional organizations and take advantage of School-run lectures, exhibitions, networking events, and competitions throughout the year. Student Life In Each Of Our Schools School of Architecture School of Building Construction School of City & Regional Planning School of Industrial Design School of Music You're Invited To Visit Us Of course, the best way to get a feel for what it’s like here is to get to know our students. We’d love to have you come visit, too. We host information sessions on a regular basis where you can learn more about life in the College. Schedule A Visit Today! Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources