Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes lyndagartnerrunbook Troubleshooting lynda.gatech or gartner.gatech Here are some troubleshooting steps for anyone with problems connecting to Gartner.com (via http://gartner.gatech.edu), Lynda.com (via http://lynda.gatech.edu), or any other outsourced web application. These should get tier one triage at the TSC before coming to the IAM team. This class of problems is rarely caused by something going wrong in IAM. Make sure your workstation is connected to the internet in general. If you can’t connect to Apple, Google, or Microsoft, the problem isn’t them. It’s probably a campus network issue (since you were able to load this page). Tell your local IT people. Is the web service Up? See if the web service itself site is actually available. For Gartner, browse to https://www.gartner.com to see if Gartner is up. For Lynda, try https://lynda.com. If the sites themselves are down, the problem is on their end, and you can bet they’re working to fix it. Is your GT account working right? First, make sure you’re all the way logged out, and then log back in. If that worked, your account is authenticating fine. Otherwise, copy-and-paste or screenshot any error you got and send that to your local IT people or to the TSC. You can also check the CAS Status Message to see if Georgia Tech’s CAS service is responding. If it’s not, please call Operations (404-894-4669) or the TSC (404-894-7173), and let them know. Can anyone else log in to the web site you need? If so, it’s probably not the service. There’s either something wrong with your account’s authorization for the site in question, or there’s an issue with your browser. If someone else can connect from their computer, see if you can connect from their computer using your account. Or flip it around. See if they can connect using your computer using their account. Browser issues maybe? Maybe its your browser or your environment. Bring up a Incognito session, or close browser, reopen, remove cookies etc. Turn off cookie cutters and other browser plugins. Try connecting with fewer bells and whistles enabled in your browser. If you get to this point and have not had success, you should put in a ticket to TSC for level 1 triage. If they determine this is a network issue, they will engage the network people, if identity issue, they will engage identity support, etc. Other Support Contacts Lynda.com 888-335-9632 Gartner.com 866-306-8040 Known issues Recently we had some contract issues with Lynda.com, now resolved. But something was changed in lynda.com systems over the weekend to generate an error page while that was going on. For issues like this contact, JulieBeth Golden. Symptoms: If you browse to lynda.gatech.edu, you get directed to this URL and error: https://shib.lynda.com/InCommon This site can’t be reached

The connection was reset.

Try:

Checking the connection
Checking the proxy and the firewall
Running Network Diagnostics
ERR_CONNECTION_RESET
ReloadHIDE DETAILS

Check your Internet connection
Check any cables and reboot any routers, modems, or other network devices you may be using.
Allow Chrome to access the network in your firewall or antivirus settings.
If it is already listed as a program allowed to access the network, try removing it from the list and adding it again.

If you use a proxy server…
Check your proxy settings or contact your network administrator to make sure the proxy server is working. If you don’t believe you should be using a proxy server: Go to Applications > System Preferences > Network > Advanced > Proxies and deselect any proxies that have been selected. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2018-06-06 11:06:08 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology