Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Design Main navigation About Contact Information Visit Us Buildings and Facilities Digital Fabrication Lab Diversity and Inclusion Employment Opportunities Support the College College of Design Awards History John Portman Dean's Chair Future Students FOCUS On Design Day Pre-College Design Program Undergraduate Portfolio Guidance Current Students Academics Degree Programs Undergraduate Academics Graduate Academics Study Abroad Schools Research Recent Ph.D. Graduates Welcome to Research in the College of Design Research Centers and Labs School Labs People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Undergraduate Academic Programs Undergraduate Academic Programs Georgia Tech is consistently recognized for its internationally renowned faculty and programs, and the College of Design is no exception. We’ve been doing this for more than 100 years – combining creativity, collaboration, and technology to produce forward-thinking graduates who are ready to take on the world’s biggest problems. To make a difference in today’s world, you need an education that is flexible and broad. Georgia Tech gives you the ability to find your own box, and sculpt your education. Our Bachelor of Science Programs Architecture Studio-intensive foundation for architecture careers and advanced studies in design and related fields. Building Construction Learn how virtual reality, drones, and robotics impact the safety, profitability, and sustainability of buildings. Industrial Design Systems and product design for design practice careers and advanced studies. Music Technology Master existing music technology and create the ideas we'll be listening to tomorrow. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in Design Footer 4 College Resources Intranet IT Resources