Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Policy Library Main navigation About Policy Books Academic Affairs Business & Finance Campus Use & Facilities Employment Faculty Handbook Information Technology Legal Records & Publications Research Student Life Updated Policies New Policies Policy Resources Policy Resources Policy Development Master Glossary Policy FAQs Policy Owner Policy Identification Form Campus Stakeholder Feedback Policy Announcements User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home About Policy Library The Georgia Institute of Technology Policy Library houses all Institute level policies. The policies within the Library contain the following information: reason for policy, policy statement, policy scope statement, definitions and procedures. Most policies also contain links for any forms or additional information associated with the policy. The primary objectives of the policy library are: Resource for policy owners in developing new policies or updating existing policies. Tool for stakeholders to identify policies quickly and accurately that impact job function. Central repository for all Institute-level policies. Institute policies at Georgia Tech must have Institute level approval. In order to do this, Institute policies need to be reviewed and approved by the appropriate committees and authorizing bodies. All Institute policies will be reviewed and approved as described in the Institute Policy Development & Life Cycle Process. Once an Institute policy has been approved, it will be published and made publically available on the Policy Library and within the appropriate "policy book". Campus-wide announcements will be made for new policies or changes to policy, when appropriate. Please contact the Policy Owner, listed within the policy information at the top of the policy page, to address any specific questions or concerns. Please note: The Policy Library does not contain college, division, or departmental policies. For information on policies implemented by a specific college, school, division or department, please check their respective web pages. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN