Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes 2FA - Two Factor at Georgia Tech Note: There is a perpetual argument whether to call stronger authentication two-factor (2fa) or multi-factor (MFA). At Georgia Tech, we settled on 2fa. Meta note: This section is here to help find this page with a search for MFA. What is 2FA At GT we use DUO as an outsourced 2FA provider from CAS and Shibboleth. You can read more about this outsourced 2FA service here and about our GT implementation below. At GT, we integrate this service for web applications that use Shibboleth and CAS, for SSO, for users who are enrolled in our 2FA program. This data about uses is stored in GTED LDAP, and queried during the login process, to decide if 2FA is to be required for a given user. Who uses 2FA at GT? Hundreds of GT applications use CAS (sso and login.gatech.edu) or Shibboleth (idp.gatech.edu) for SSO. It is a common method to get SSO with GT accounts and to get the GT implementation of 2FA/ Two factor security. Any user that is enrolled in 2FA (DUO) will be prompted for 2FA when logging into a web application that uses CAS or Shibboleth for authentication. Enforcement Timings Georgia Tech users have a number of different roles within the institute, and many of those roles come with different timings for when the users need to start using 2FA. This section tries to capture the top examples. All users: All users that have a GT-Duo account established are required to use it for future log ins. This allows groups that do not have business policies to use 2FA – Guests, Applicants, Alumni, etc – to better secure their accounts. Employees: All employees, future-employees, and manual-mage-employees are required to use 2FA. The employee-account onboarding process can set up Duo with a phone number or with a temporary code that can be used until the user adds a phone or other 2FA device. Credit students: Credit students activate their GT Accounts during the application process, during which they are not required to use 2FA. Of course, as mentioned above, they can enable 2FA if they wish to better secure their accounts. For those students who do not set up 2FA before the semester starts: They will receive warnings during web logins beginning the second week of their first semester of classes. Specifically, we enable 2FA warnings for about 25% of the students every day starting the 8th day of class at 9:00am ET. They will be required to use 2FA during the third week of classes, getting an error during logins until they have 2FA set up. (The error page includes Duo-setup pointers, of course) Example: New credit student, starting Fall semester which, hypothetically starts Mon Aug 17 Password-only logins work during the application process, FASET, and the first week of classes Starting Aug 25-28 (aka second week of classes): The web-login process starts including a warning “You’ll be required to use 2FA/Duo soon. Click here to get this set up or click here to continue your login process." Starting Sept 2-5 (aka third week of classes): The web-login process will fail where the ‘Duo Panel’ shows an “Access denied” error and the user needs to click on the “Access Denied? Getting two-factor (Duo) working” link on the page. Implementation details on this student-onboarding timing the students that are warned by the web login process based on gtPersonEntitlement=/gt/central/academics/active-credit-students-duo-warning This entitlement is managed by the banner-sync-active-credit-students batch process The precise timing of warnings and enforcement are spread throughout the 2nd and 3rd weeks to keep the load on our systems and our support staff manageable. Assignments to timing groups are based on the last digits of the users’ GTIDs: 0–>Day1/9am, 1–>Day1/1pm, …, 9–>Day4/9am [10%,10%,10%,20%,20%,20%,10%] Alumni, Former-Employees, Retirees: These groups are not required to use 2FA by any business rules, but since they leave GT with Duo accounts, their logins will require 2FA until they use Passport to opt out and delete their account. Architecture For understanding how this fits into the GT infrastructure see the diagram below. Web application authentications, for applications that use central GT Accounts, can be compared to this chart to get a rough idea of the architecture, flow of information, and whether 2FA is employed. What is the SLA for 2FA / DUO at GT? This service is an outsourced service from a company named DUO. It relies upon login.gatech.edu working, as well as the remote outsourced service and networking. However, if the remote service is down, 2FA authentication will fail over to one factor (password), instead of blocking authentication to the application. 2FA Management IAT and Passport both have tools for onboarding users to 2FA and for supporting and troubleshooting it. What to do when devices are lost or stolen Stolen devices should be removed as soon as possible from the user’s accounts. The user can do this themselves in Passport, or a CSR can use IAT to help. Device-removal does not require a high level of verification of the user. If the device held the user’s password (like a phone or laptop), then the user’s password should be reset asap and a CySec ticket should be created to investigate if the password was used illegally. Note: The user should be vetted/verified before sharing the new password with them. Finally, if the user does not have any remaining 2FA mechanisms (no more phones, devices or backup codes), then a friend/coworker/IT department can vet/verify the user and then use IAT or Passport to generate a 2FA-rescue code which will enable the user to authenticate to both applications and to access Passport. Within Passport, the user can generate Backup Codes or add replacement/temporary devices or landlines. In extraordinary circumstances, CySec can make a policy exception that the user’s authentications no longer require 2FA. In these cases, the user can be temporarily disabled from the following GRS roles: iam-2fa-req-everywhere-people, vpn-2fa-required, and cas-duo-req-account-prod. 2FA Integration Options How can I use this to authenticate and authorize in my application? Web Applications Web applications can achieve strong, 2FA authentication the following ways, in order of preference (most preferred first): SAML2 login protocol via GT WebLogin Service. WebLogin request CAS login protocol via GT WebLogin Service WebLogin request LDAP or GTAD Authentication combined with direct Duo Integration Duo Integration Request RADIUS authentication with a separate field for the 2FA selection GT RADIUS Request RADIUS authentication that automatically pushes to the user’s first device GT RADIUS Request Non-web applications Duo offers a large selection of integrations. Each of these integrations need to be set up within our Duo tenant, and this set up can be requested here. Last edited by Bert Bee-Lindgren, 2022-06-27 10:21:17 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology