Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes CAS or login.gatech.edu SSO service What is CAS Jasig CAS, which is now Apereo CAS, is an enterprise Single Sign-On solution for web services. When running a multitude of web services, Single Sign-On (SSO) means a better user experience than if each has its own means of authentication. SSO lets many different web services authenticate using one trusted service that the user needs to log in to just once, after which he or she is logged in to all the other SSO-enabled web services. Also, the password never goes to the individual applications. Only the trusted central authentication mechanism ever receives the user’s password. How do I config my application to use CAS at GT CAS at GT? What is login.gatech.edu? How can I use CAS with my application? Applications using central CAS at GT, allow users to use their centrally managed GT account and passwords in various applications, reducing the number of passwords to remember, and the number of times the user must log in. Using the GT implementation of CAS also allows use of the 2FA/ two factor authentication mechanism that is recommended by many security professionals, and in some cases required by GT policy. In general, any on-campus application can do authentication to login.gatech.edu without any help from OIT IAM. However, if the application is off campus, or needs data back for any reason (probably for authorization) then they will need to fill out the IAM request form (How to request IAM services) and specify CAS, and whatever data is needed. Who uses CAS? Hundreds of GT applications use CAS (login.gatech.edu) for SSO. It is a common method to get SSO with GT accounts, and to get the GT implementation of 2FA/ Two factor security. A partial list of other Universities and organizations that use CAS can be found here: https://wiki.jasig.org/display/CAS/CAS+Deployers Architecture For understanding how this fits into the GT infrastructure see the diagram below. Web application authentications, for applications that use central GT Accounts, can be compared to this chart to get a rough idea of the architecture, flow of information, and whether 2FA is employed. What is the SLA for login.gatech.edu? login.gatech.edu (the GT login service based on jasig CAS) is intended to be a highly available service, for web based applications that can do CAS protocols. Not all jasig CAS functions are supported, however basic authentication, validation, proxy, and logout should work. If you have questions, you can ask in the request form mentioned above. Application users should subscribe to the gted@lists.gatech.edu list, so they can be apprised of upgrades, changes, outages, etc. It is the application owner responsibility to test against new versions when upgrades are being tested, and give feedback on issues. Applications that just need authentication can connect without even requesting. If applications need data back, then the owner should fill out the “How to request IAM services” form. This will create a Footprints ticket. Requesting this Service at GT How can I use this to authenticate and authorize in my application? For Off-The-Shelf products, start with the vendor to see if they support jasig or Apereo CAS. To begin the process of requesting service at GT, fill out the form at https://iam.gatech.edu/gted/data_steward_request.html. Filling out the request “How to request IAM services” form will create a service ticket and initiate the process of Cybersecurity review and Data Stewardship approvals. For custom programmed applications, see below. You will still need to request access, as mentioned previously, for receiving authorization data. How to use login.gatech.edu in your custom application If you are purchasing and Off-The-Shelf application, ask the vendor if they support CAS. If not, you may consider Shibboleth/SAML as an SSO method. However, if you are writing or paying for custom coding, you may want to refer to the sources below. There is no support, only best-effort support, for writing your own code, available from OIT. PHP Other languages Available attributes in CAS Known issues and common problems CasV6 Upgrade (future) Healthcheck How to Quickly Check the Health of the new login service / CAS v6: Troubleshooting login issues should always start with the user account, then proceed to the app, then to SSO, unless you have some clues already that indicate otherwise. If you are at the point where it seems like an SSO issue, here are some tips to dig deeper. Health checks Some internal details LoadBalancing CAS web flow Last edited by John M Bryson, 2021-11-09 16:14:23 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology