Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Alcohol Approval Form Please login to submit a request All persons must comply with federal, state, and local laws and the policies of Georgia Tech and the Board of Regents governing the use, possession, manufacture, distribution, dispensation, and sale of alcoholic beverages while on the Georgia Tech campus and at Georgia Tech events either on- or off-campus. Alcohol may be served at Georgia Tech events on-campus only with prior approval from the Office of the President or its designees (see below). Once approval has been received, the Georgia Tech organizer must comply with the procedures outlined in this policy. For on-campus events that require the Alcohol Approval Form, event organizers must abide by the following: Alcohol cannot be served before 4:30 p.m. on weekdays. Alcohol service should end half an hour before the event end time. Tailgates are permitted without prior authorization for Georgia Tech sporting events and certain other campus events as announced by the Office of the President, but hosts and participants will be expected to abide by the procedures outlined in this policy. This policy does not apply to the lawful use of alcohol in campus residences. Important Note to Delegated Approvers: If you are a delegated approver per President Cabrera’s May 4, 2021 memorandum do not assign the DocuSign form to someone else to approve on your behalf. No further delegation is permitted without a written request. If you are a delegated approver and the organizer of an event where alcohol will be served, the Alcohol Approval Form will be routed at least one level above you. If you are submitting the Alcohol Approval Form on behalf of a delegated approver, please enter their information in the “Event Owner” section of the form so approval can be properly routed one level above them. Alcohol Approval Forms will automatically be routed to the Dean of Students for events where students are invited. Security must be booked for large events as well as events with attendees under the legal drinking age of 21. Alcohol Approval Forms will automatically be routed to the Georgia Tech Police Department for events with 100 participants or greater. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN