Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Policy Library Main navigation About Policy Books Academic Affairs Business & Finance Campus Use & Facilities Employment Faculty Handbook Information Technology Legal Records & Publications Research Student Life Updated Policies New Policies Policy Resources Policy Resources Policy Development Master Glossary Policy FAQs Policy Owner Policy Identification Form Campus Stakeholder Feedback Policy Announcements User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master Glossary Academic Policy Institute policies that provide requirements for faculty governance and for student life relating to the educational process, including admission, student discipline, classes, courses of study, and requirements for graduation. Administrative Policy Institute policies that establish and align administrative operations, set behavioral expectations across the Institute, and communicate multiple division, department, or office roles and responsibilities. Department Policy Department or division policies that are internal to an organizational group and are solely applicable to that department or division within a college, school, institute, lab, center or administrative unit at Georgia Tech. Department policies complement Institute policies. Where a conflict may exist, Institute policies supersede department policies. Editorial Revision Grammar, title, typographical error, or other minor changes to an Institute policy or procedure that will not require campus-wide review and communication. Expedited Policy Minor policy revisions or substantive changes to policies that are required due to change in law or compliance obligation may undergo an expedited review. Like regular policies, expedited policies will receive full review and approval; it will just be in a more condensed time frame. The ultimate decision if a policy qualifies for expedited review will be made by the Policy Steering Committee. Institute Policy An Institute policy is a governing principle that mandates or constrains actions at Georgia Tech, supports the Institute’s mission and strategic goals, has Institute-wide application, and impacts a substantial number of members of the campus community (usually all students, all faculty and/or all staff). There are two types of Institute policy: Academic Policy and Administrative Policy. Institute Policy Development and Life Cycle Process The standard process by which Institute policies gain Institute level review and approval. Within this standard process, there are three separate approval tracks for Faculty Handbook, Student Regulations, and Administrative Policies. Interim Policy Interim policies may be approved by the President to address matters that require immediate attention. Interim policies do not initially utilize the full Institute Policy Development and Life Cycle Process, but should undergo the full review process within one year of going into effect. Policy Policies are statements that reflect the philosophies, attitudes, or values of Georgia Tech related to a specific issue. They are generally represented in a paragraph or two, not pages. They might say "what" but not "how." Procedures, standards, and guidelines all must implement, reflect, and support the applicable policy or policies. Policy Champion A Georgia Tech faculty member, student, or staff member who proposes a new Institute policy or a change to an existing Institute policy. Policy Owner The Georgia Tech faculty governance body or administrative unit primarily responsible for the implementation of an Institute policy. All policies are ultimately subject to the approval of the President and the authority of the Board of Regents. Policy Steering Committee A Georgia Tech committee of faculty, students, and administrators appointed by the President who oversee the Institute Policy Development and Life Cycle Process, review all new or substantially revised administrative policies, and provide comments on academic policies. Procedure Procedures are a series of consecutive action steps related to a policy that specifies how a particular process should be completed. Procedures include information on who, what, when, and where of the policy. Scope This policy applies to all Georgia Tech faculty and staff members. Substantial Revision Any change to an Institute policy or procedure that will require campus-wide review and communication is a substantial revision to that policy or procedure. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN