Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Ethics Programming and Education Council The Ethics Programming and Education Council strives to connect members of the Administration and Finance (A&F) community with opportunities to live our values in practical, meaningful ways. The Council is comprised of representatives from across A&F. Carla Cook, Interim Deputy Chief of Police Cedric Franklin, Director of Budgeting and Finance, Human Resources Juan Hunt, Area Maintenance Manager, Infrastructure and Sustainability Melanie Megenity, Senior Director of Resource Management, Information Technology Maurena Maynor, Associate Controller, Finance and Planning Rachael Pocklington, Program Director for Strategic Communications and Initiatives, Institute Communications Kelly Cross, Institute Policy Manager, Office of the General Counsel L.O.V.E. GT The Living Our Values Every Day (L.O.V.E. GT) campaign advances the values that are central to the Georgia Tech strategic plan, which drives us to increase the impact we have in the world – through ambitious goals and bold actions. The working group, with the help of the campus community, is identifying practices and examples of how we should live our values every day in order to help us focus on our shared mission and achieve the goals envisioned through the Georgia Tech strategic plan. Learn More Understanding Conflict of Interest Disclosures On Sept. 22, the A&F Ethics Programming and Education Council (EPEC) hosted a virtual conversation with Aric Edwards, Conflict of Interest Manager, to help staff and managers understand disclosure requirements and best practices. Feedback Wanted Our goal is to develop meaningful programming for the A&F community and we need your help. Please take a minute to provide your thoughts on this panel discussion about conflict of interest disclosures. Submit Feedback Previous EPEC Recordings: Navigating Vendors: Can I Eat This Lunch? On May 11, the A&F Ethics Programming and Education Council (EPEC) hosted an in-person discussion with Interim Senior Director of Business Services Ajay Patel and Deputy Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer Melissa Hall. They shared information about to what employees can say "Yes,” reflected on lessons learned in their respective fields, and answered questions from the audience. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN