Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Central Radius Authentication at GT service What is the DUO Radius Proxy service at GT? Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS) is a networking protocol, operating on ports 1812 and 1813, that provides centralized authentication, authorization, and accounting (AAA) management. It was included in the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) standards. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RADIUS. This is a popular authentication mechanism for network apps. (citrix, VPN, lawn) At GT IAM, we use Radius for very specific use cases, where SAML2, SAML2, CAS, or LDAP will not work. Radius is not the recommended way to authenticate at GT, since it has issues that Cas and SAML2 services do not have. (like shared key protection). SAML and CAS do not send usernames and passwords to the calling application, so can be more secure in that way. Most GT apps are encouraged to use SAML2(ex shibboleth), SAML1, or CAS protocol. Who uses Radius? Radius is not the recommended way to authenticate, since it has issues that Cas and SAML2 services do not have. (like shared key protection) For that and other reasons, requests for Radius authentication, may not always be approved. This service offers 2FA (Password and DUO) or DUO-only authentication via the Radius protocol. This service, consisting of 2 servers, can handle current traffic load. Radius Architecture at GT Applications have a shared key with the service and communicate with the Radius service over an encrypted channel with this key. Usernames and passwords would pass over this channel and the Radius server will authenticate that with GTAD. The 2fa will be authenticated to the DUO service. Requesting this Service at GT How can I use this to authenticate and authorize in my application? For Off-The-Shelf products, start with the vendor to see if they support SAML2 or other preferred methods, but if not, and they ask you to use Radius, we can discuss using Radius as a solution. Start with a normal Request in servicenow. How to use Radius in your custom application How to config and use Radius FAQs and KBs https://gatech.service-now.com/nav_to.do?uri=%2Fkb_view.do%3Fsysparm_article%3DKB0027966 Some internal details Services like VPN use Radius on phantom1 and phantom2, which point to GTAD not GTED. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2023-01-24 15:01:06 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology