Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Shibboleth and Federated Login Service What is Shibboleth? Shibboleth is among the world’s most widely deployed federated identity solutions. It is implemented at Georgia Tech as a SSO option, along with Apereo CAS. It is a commonly used SSO method in higher ed, with Incommon.org members, and GT peer institutes. Shibboleth is a standards-based, open-sourced, community based, project that provides web Single Sign-On capabilities in a secure manner. It is based on standards such as the OASIS SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language). https://shibboleth.net/about/ Applications using Shibboleth (idp.gatech.edu) at GT, allow users to use their centrally managed GT account and passwords in various applications, reducing the number of passwords to remember, and the number of times the user must log in. Using the GT implementation of Shibboleth also allows use of the 2FA/ two factor authentication mechanism that is recommended by many security professionals, and in some cases required by GT policy. Who uses Shibboleth? A partial list of Universities and organizations that use Shibboleth can be found here: https://shibboleth.net/community/ourusers.html Of Internet2 schools, 434 use Shibboleth for their IDP https://spaces.internet2.edu/display/InCFederation/List+of+Shibboleth+IdPs+by+Version#V3 Many GT peers like Duke, Dartmouth, Emory, Georgetown, Harvard, MIT, Stanford, Yale, and others all use Shibboleth. (as of late 2017) Requesting this Service at GT How can I use this to authenticate and authorize in my application? For Off-The-Shelf products, start with the vendor to see if they support Shibboleth or SAML2. To begin the process of requesting service at GT, see How to request IAM services https://iam.gatech.edu/iam/index.html) Architecture For understanding how this fits into the GT infrastructure see the diagram below. Web application authentications, for applications that use central GT Accounts, can be compared to this chart to get a rough idea of the architecture, flow of information, and whether 2FA/two factor is employed. Notice that Shibboleth defers to CAS for authentication, and that allows a place to integrate DUO for 2fa. So, applications that use Shibboleth or CAS allow opportunities to do 2FA. What is the SLA for Shibboleth? idp.gatech.edu (the GT login service based on Shibboleth) is intended to be a highly available service, for web based applications that can do the protocols. Not all Shibboleth functions are supported, however basic authentication, with commonly needed authorization data is available via SAML and should work. If you have questions, you can ask in the request form mentioned above. Application users should subscribe to the gted@lists.gatech.edu list, so they can be apprised of upgrades, changes, outages, etc. It is the application owner responsibility to test against new versions when upgrades are being tested, and give feedback on issues. When the requestor fills out the request form “How to request IAM services” form, this will create a Footprints ticket and initiate the process of Cybersecurity review and Data Stewardship approvals. Note: Due to complexity and various levels of SAML support in various applications, if the application does not specifically state that it can use Shibboleth, then it may not be possible. Many applications will say they can do SAML 2.0 protocol, but may still have issues in working with Shibboleth. There is no support for this situation in OIT, meaning that we will do best effort, but cannot guarantee success, and there are time constraints on such activity. We HIGHLY RECOMMEND that this issue be vetted with the vendor BEFORE purchasing the product. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2017-11-17 14:16:09 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology