Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Administration and Finance Strategic Initiatives Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Initiatives Making an Impact The A&F division-level strategic plan, launched in 2020, outlines our shared vision for the next decade. It supports the goals of the Georgia Tech Institute Strategic Plan (ISP) and impacts the Georgia Tech community each day by amplifying impact, leading by example, and cultivating well-being. The current focus is on programs and initiatives that advance action in the following areas: Champion operational excellence in administrative services Drive intentional, sustainable growth to better support the campus community and research activities Promote campus engagement and a strong and healthy workplace culture The plan is an integral part of the budgeting process and shapes the performance goals for A&F employees. Read the A&F Strategic Plan Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Our Progress A&F is driving these initiatives forward. Read more about their objectives, how they align with the ISP, and the latest news and events for ways you can get involved. Mission Statement Administration and Finance brings together people, practices, resources, and technology to provide high-quality, inclusive, innovative experiences and develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. Vision Statement We will be valued partners and innovative problem-solvers committed to providing exceptional service and creating a sustainable and supportive environment where every member of the Georgia Tech community can thrive. About the Initiatives Administrative Excellence AdminX is a portfolio of initiatives across campus that are improving the administrative experience at the Institute for our faculty, staff, and students. The initiative is being spearheaded by a variety of departments within A&F including ASC, Finance and Planning, OHR, and OIT. AdminX contributes to the follow ISP themes: lead by example, champion innovation, and cultivate well-being. Read more about the initiative here. Budget Reform The Budget Reform program will introduce a new budget model and budget system to help deliver on the Institute's priorities. This initiative is being spearheaded by the Budget Office within Finance and Planning and contributes to the Institute's Strategic Plan theme of lead by example. Read more about the initiative here. Comprehensive Campus Plan The Comprehensive Campus Plan will inform how campus space can be utilized to support the growing and changing campus community for the next 10 years and beyond. The plan is being spearheaded by Infrastructure & Sustainability and supports the ISP theme lead by example. Read more about the initiative here. Data Excellence The goal of the Data Excellence initiative is to be a leader in leveraging data analytic tools and processes to inform decision-making and be an example in the protection, management, and governance of data. DataX is being spearheaded by OIT and supports the ISP. Read more about the initiative here. Ethics Programming and Education Council The Ethics Programming and Education Council (EPEC) strives to connect members of the A&F community with opportunities to live our values in practical, meaningful ways. The EPEC initiative was developed as part of the A&F Strategic Plan and aligns with the ISP initiative lead by example. Read more about the initiative here. Living Learning Lab The Living Learning Lab concept was solidified through the A&F Strategic Plan. This initiative is a collaborative effort involving Infrastructure & Sustainability. The goal is to leverage the campus and its data to assist in research at the Institute. This initiative supports the ISP theme lead by example. Read more about the initiative here. Staff Culture Advisory Council The A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council is an initiative stemming from the A&F Strategic Plan. The council is composed of one member from each A&F department. Council members are tasked with working alongside their VP to address organizational culture. This initiative supports the ISP theme cultivate well-being. Read more about the initiative here. Student Internship Program The Student Internship Program is a mentor program that was developed as a result of the A&F Strategic Plan. This initiative is spearheaded by a committee composed of A&F community members. This initiative supports the ISP theme amplify impact. Read more about the initiative here. Sustainability Next The goal of the Sustainability Next Plan is to provide a path toward establishing Georgia Tech as a leader in equitable, economic, and environmental sustainability. The plan is a collaborative effort among campus academics, researchers, and administrators and aligns with the Institute Strategic Plan (ISP) themes lead by example and connect globally. Read more about the initiative here. Working @Tech The Working @ Tech initiative is assisting in creating the workplace of the future by providing staff and people leaders with modernized tools and processes. The initiative is spearheaded by OHR but consists of a diverse committee of campus community members. Working @ Tech supports the ISP theme lead by example. Read more about the initiative here. In the Spotlight AdminX Town Hall The AdminX Town Hall took place on January 18, 2023 from 10-11 AM, led by Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources Officer Skye Duckett and Vice President, Information Technology and Chief Information Officer Daren Hubbard to update the campus on the Administrative Excellence inititiaves including near-term process improvements around compensation. During the town hall, Duckett and Hubbard invited Administrative Service Center (ASC) Executive Director Ira Bragg to share updates on the progress of the center since the October launch. The AdminX Town Hall is part of an ongoing effort to share timely information on AdminX and the HR Transformation at Georgia Tech. View the Recording Sustainability Next Plan Virtual Town Hall The Sustainability Next virtual town hall presented the Sustainability Next Plan and its newly unified vision for coalescing, implementing, and measuring cross-cutting sustainability initiatives across Georgia Tech in support of the Institute’s Strategic Plan. Members of the implementation team shared goals including plans to launch signature initiatives designed to coordinate and amplify the Institute’s research, education, operational, and economic development activities. This includes: Sustainable-X Student Entrepreneurship Program, Stackable online graduate credentials in Climate and Sustainability, Undergraduate Sustainability Education Innovation Grants, Transdisciplinary Climate Research Seed Grant Program, Climate Action Plan, and Living Learning Lab. View the Recording A&F Virtual Town Hall: Designing the Campus of the Future During this town hall, the Comprehensive Campus Plan (CCP) project team, led by Infrastructure and Sustainability, provided an update on the CCP process and shared campuswide themes emerging from initial campus observations, data analysis, and ongoing stakeholder engagements. Attendees learned more about the planning process and provided input to help shape the campus of the future. View the Recording ASC October Go Live The Administrative Excellence (AdminX) team is gearing up for the launch of the Administrative Services Center (ASC) this October. The initial launch includes new and enhanced hiring and onboarding processes that will greatly improve the hiring experience by reducing the time and resources required to hire at Georgia Tech. Learn More A&F Staff Council Survey The goal of the A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council is to create a collaborative environment, build workplace relationships, foster employee wellbeing, and promote equity, diversity, and inclusion. But the Council can’t do it without A&F colleagues. Please take a moment to provide feedback to help promote a strong and healthy workplace culture at Georgia Tech. Read More Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN