Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Lunch on Mike Join Mike Shannon, interim executive vice president for A&F and interim chief business officer, for lunch and an informal listening session. Please select from the dates and times below. Slots per dates are limited. Those who RSVP will receive a confirmation email closer to the date. Hope to see you soon! Full Name Department (e.g. OIT, Human Resources, ERP, etc.) Email Address Please select ONE of the following options Please select ONE of the following options If the session you select is overbooked, you will be notified via email and offered a future date (additional dates will be added as needed). Select your preferred session below. Wednesday, Jan. 11 from noon to 1 p.m. Lunch provided [0 remaining] Thursday, Feb. 9 from noon to 1 p.m. Lunch provided [8 remaining] Tuesday, March 14 from 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Lunch provided [9 remaining] Thursday, April 27 from noon to 1 p.m. Lunch provided [10 remaining] Thursday, May 11 from noon to 1 p.m. Lunch provided [10 remaining] Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN