Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Networks Facilitated by Administration and Finance Many of the functional responsibilities within Administration and Finance extend over a variety of networks across campus reaching Tech's administrative, academic and research units. In partnership with the central business operations within Administration and Finance, these units share the responsibility for managing the Institute’s resources, which range from financial to capital to intellectual, and work together to achieve institutional effectiveness in Georgia Tech’s business practices. It is the collective and shared responsibility of these areas to work cooperatively in ensuring the integrity of the Institute’s resources. Administration and Finance facilitates the following networks to engage campus business partners and bring together the people, practices, resources, and technology needed to provide high-quality, inclusive, and innovative experiences. Financial Council The Financial Council promotes active two-way communication, accountability, and transparency across Georgia Tech’s Finance function. Three sub-councils are chartered to address the challenges faced respectively by: Administrative entities, Academic and research entities, and Affiliates. Click here to view agendas and meeting minutes via a secure login page. Business Partners' Network The Business Partners’ Network (BPN) is a quarterly gathering of finance, personnel, and administrative leaders across campus. The BPN promotes timely information on strategic initiatives, opportunities for networking and sharing best practices, and a forum for raising ideas and opportunities for improvement across Georgia Tech's business and operations. Click here to view past agendas and meeting notes. To suggest topics, please contact Rachael Pocklington at 404-384-4142 or email rpocklington@gatech.edu. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN