Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Overview of IAM Services at GT This (draft) spreadsheet is a rather complete list of the applications and services managed by the IAM team, as well as the Classic IAM Functions that they provide. The rest of this page tries to summarize this inventory. Traditional IAM / IDM Services IAM traditionally does a few things for an institute, such as GT. Manage central user identities IAM integrates many best-of-breed sources of identity data at GT,such as oneUSG HCM for employee data like EMPLID, and Banner for student identity data like PIDM, or Buzzcard for user photos and buzzcard numbers. From this central store of identity, central accounts and groups are created. This central identity data is provisioned to keep Active Directory, Oracle EUS, data warehouse, etc in synch with this central identity and user account info Authentication User data, passwords, two factor information can be used to allow a user to prove their identity. Central authentication allows a place to enforce audit policies such as password complexity or length Authorization Authenticated users can use central identity data, accounts, groups for access authorization. All GT users are not allowed to log in to all GT services Data for applications is frequently requested Some data is available in LDAP, SQL, and other formats, if approved by stewards Reporting IAM data is used by downstream services for reporting, but little reporting data is avail directly from IAM at GT SSO SSO adds security and productivity. SAML2 and CAS protocols are preferred over LDAP, SQL, or local passwords, because SSO is possible, and because fewer systems have access to usernames and passwords, and there is less risk of config issues like non SSL logins. At GT, IAM can sometimes help with provisioning of data, or allow self provisioning upon approval. And there are APIs available for some integration or data use. To read more about APIs, search Buzzapi v3 or Buzzapi v4 in this wiki. There are also grouping tools available, such as GRS or GROUPER for manipulation of user groups for authorization purposes. Also self service and distributed admin is allowed where possible, to ensure timely service, and accurate info. Also GT is part of the Incommon Federation, allowing easier integration with peer institutes but each institute manages it’s own users. APIs and Integrations Hundreds of application program interfaces are avail for various data and data manipulation. These are documented in IAT.gatech.edu. Integrations range from simple SSO and a small amount of data via CAS to large custom API driven integrations. Provisioning Enterprise or other approved GT applications may get tightly integrated to other GT systems using IAM data GRS GROUPER Grouping tools allow better authorization, deauthorization, based on information from various GT sources. For example, an application may use these tools to allow logins from “Students OR Employees in DeptX” and disallow when “Not Student or Employee in Dept X” Federation GT is part of the Incommon Federation, allowing use of your one GT username, and the same password mgt and SSO, while using USG or other BOR school services Architecture For understanding how data flows from source systems into GT identity systems, examine this diagram. For a better view of how web authentication and 2fa integrate at GT, look at this http://iamweb1.iam.gatech.edu/docs/services/Shibboleth Note that data about people flows from authoritative sources, Banner for student data, and Peoplesoft for employee data. For central GT accounts, Mage is authoritative. These accounts follow a centrally controlled GT account lifecycle, GT policies, and logging. Group data is mined from AD, Sympa lists, Peoplesoft data, Banner data, and GRS (the GT Role system). Once data is available inside IAM systems, it maybe available for provisioning/integrating with other systems. Some of this data may also be available for authorization data, from services like CAS, Shibboleth, LDAP, AD. Although the diagram below, maybe appear complex at first glance, there are a few major themes that make up data flow. 

1. Data is imported into IAM from authoritative sources (ex Banner, Peoplesoft, Sympa, Mage, Buzzcard, Passport). 
2. Data can be manipulated and transformed by rules and events - controlled by admins around campus (ex GRS, Fischer, GTAD, etc). 
3. Data can be made available on a controlled and approved (by data stewards) basis to services, 
admins, reporting, etc from this central data storage (ex Shibboleth, CAS, Whitepages, 
GTENS, GTAD, GTED, and hundreds of campus services). Storage of IAM data Centrally the IAM data is stored in LDAP form in GTED, with some limited but common data elements being available in SQL from datawarehouse tables What are CAS and Shibboleth Jasig Apereo CAS is an enterprise Single Sign-On solution for web services. Shibboleth is among the world’s most widely deployed federated identity solutions. It is implemented at Georgia Tech as a SSO option, along with Apereo CAS. It is a commonly used SSO method in higher ed, with Incommon.org members, and GT peer institutes. CAS and Shibboleth are standards-based, open-sourced, community based, and provide web Single Sign-On capabilities in a secure manner. Shibboleth is based on standards such as the OASIS SAML (Security Assertion Markup Language). https://shibboleth.net/about/ Applications using CAS or Shibboleth (idp.gatech.edu) at GT, allow users to use their centrally managed GT account and passwords in various applications, reducing the number of passwords to remember, and the number of times the user must log in. Using either of these for an application or service allows the use of the 2FA/ two factor authentication via DUO integration. What are Mage and Wand? Mage is the older IAM service, that is authoritative for accounts, including password resets, user onboarding. It also contains an IAM database of information that other IAM services utilize. Wand is the distributed administration tool for MAGE. There is a newer tool, IAT /iat.gatech.edu, which will eventually replace Wand functionality. What is GTED? GTED is the Georgia Tech Enterprise Directory, which is a large group of load balanced LDAP servers, containing all of the IAM data at GT. Authentication requests flow through GTED. Authorization data flows from GTED, to other services such as CAS or Shibboleth. What is GRS? The GT Role System is a GT written application that can read IAM data from GTED, do computations, apply rules, and create new roles as needed. Role data is written back to GTED in the form of Entitlements on people and accounts objects. Among other things, this allows flexibility in authorization. What is DUO? Duo is an outsourced two factor security service that we integrate with CAS, to allow use of 2FA for web applications doing authentication. See the diagram here, for more information about how this works: http://iamweb1.iam.gatech.edu/docs/services/CAS MIT Kerberos Information about MIT Kerberos can be found here http://www.kerberos.org/software/tutorial.html There is also Kerberos built into Active Directory. We no longer encourage applications to authenticate directly to MIT Kerberos, but instead ask people to use Shibboleth, CAS, AD, or GTED (ldap) for authentication. However, some older services on campus do still use this. For example OIT Linux machines, used to use PAM modules to authenticate to MIT Kerberos, but now use AD Kerberos. How is this data managed? Much IAM at GT is intentionally self service, and much more is possible by departmental admins. Self service IAM at GT is via Passport.gatech.edu. Distributed admin is done with Wand for mage, and GRS/GTAD/Sympa for groups, and IAT.gatech.edu for a growing list of other items. Also, much data is managed behind the scenes by automated processes, such as ETL (Extract,Transform,Load) data tools including Fischer, SQL, custom. These are often scheduled jobs or event driven. As described before, much is copied from authoritative sources, and then it may be transformed by rules and events. Many of these rules are due to GT policies, and many are created by dept admins, using various distributed admin tools (GTAD, GRS, IAT, Wand). Account and password data is managed by Passport for self service, and Wand/IAT for distributed administration. Data from these is copied to services that need account and password type data, including MIT Kerberos, GTAD, GTED, and Oracle central authentication. How can I request IAM services or data? See How to request IAM services https://iam.gatech.edu/iam/index.html) When the requestor fills out the request form “How to request IAM services” form, this will create a Footprints ticket and initiate the process of Cybersecurity review and Data Stewardship approvals. Last edited by Bert Bee-Lindgren, 2021-08-25 12:49:20 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology