Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes Identity and Integration Team or Identity and Access Management at GT (IAM) The Identity and Integration Team (aka IAM, IDM, or Identity and Access Mgt and Integration) manages Georgia Tech’s password, login, person registry, and integration services as well as end-user and administrative support tools necessary for their successful use. In total, these services support the authentication, authorization, and integration needs of over 1000 central and departmental applications. Some services are: Campus SSO and federation services 100K logins per day for thousands of GT students, staff, faculty, guests, affiliates, alumni, USG, etc. Passport.gatech.edu is a self service portal for all GT students, employees to maintain identity and account information. Wand and IAT are distributed admin services enabling department admins to manage their own IT identities and accounts. GTED is the one data store where HR, Student, Buzzcard, etc data comes together, to support access control, and app provisioning. Grouping tools like GRS and Grouper self service tools allow campus IT admins to create application authorizations, to fine tune access. Buzzapi tools allow campus integrators to tie enterprise services to SSO and campus data, and reduce complexity of integration. How to Request IAM Services at Georgia Tech In general you can request Identity and Access Mgt (IAM/IDM) services at Georgia Tech, by going here. “How to request IAM services“ A request form will gather your needs, submit a ticket for you, and begin any data stewardship or security overview that is needed. It is your responsibility to provide information as requested by IAM, Cybersecurity, database admins, and data stewards as these questions may arise. This is the method to get access to login.gatech.edu/CAS for your application, Shibboleth authentication for your application, get a GTED/LDAP searcher account, and request data from Identity and Access Management for your application. How to request IAM services How to Request IAM Services in Servicenow. Note: Routine issues and questions, about IAM or IAM-related topics, should go through central OIT support at support@oit.gatech.edu as usual. This team is sized appropriately for this volume, and trained to get questions to the correct team. Bypassing this process will likely not obtain faster service. If you have been asked to submit a project request for the IAM team, you can go directly to this Project Request form. Here are some diagrams to show how IAM at GT follows the standard IAM functions, defined by Internet2. Overview Overview of IAM Services at Georgia Tech Overview The time required for fulfillment of requests can vary. Obviously it depends on manpower, approvals, complexity, campus demands, the degree of IAM involvement, and the academic calendar. IAM Documentation Efforts We’re working to consolidate all our various documentation into this single wiki. Documentation Organization IAM connects to several systems to do our work. Legacy IAM page for services. Identity and Access Management at GT Details of IAM Authentication and Data Services at Georgia Tech Mulesoft Integration see also BuzzApiv4 Kerberos Policies This the details (password lifespan, etc.) for all our Kerberos policies. 2FA two factor authentication service BuzzApi Buzzapi v3 is the current production API system in 2018 BuzzApiv4 Buzzapi v4 is a Mulesoft based API system CAS Single Sign On (login.gatech.edu) GT implementation of Jasig/Apereo CAS GTED Georgia Tech Enterprise Direcotory GT Number Coordination External Web Identities Support for lightweight, web accounts IAM/GT support for Gender Whitepages Georgia Tech whitepages GTED data sent to DataWarehouse GTED data in 2018 prod data warehouse Shibboleth and Federated Login Service GTAD Georgia Tech implementation of Active Directory Guests GT guest system in Passport Shelldap [LDAP] (services/Shelldap) Radius Other Data Feeds IAM Self Service and Distributed Admin at Georgia Tech IAT iat.gatech.edu HCM in oneUSG A new integration with oneUSG HCM HCM - new GTID Manual Request System A new GTID Request system Onboarding Review A review of onboarding employees and students Mage and Wand Mgt of Accounts at Georgia Tech Environment When a User’s Legal Name Changes Passport and self service Technical Services Registry Internal IAM service to enable central authZ, better auditing, data excellence. IAM Group and Role Admin at Georgia Tech GT Role System (GRS) Production GT Role system in 2018 Grouper New GT Role system IAM Services at Georgia Tech leverage Internet2 services A variety of IAM services leverage services or applications from the Internet2 Trust and Identity Infrastructure. Examples are Shibboleth for authentication or Grouper for groups management. We also use the standard eduPerson LDAP schema values in GTED for common data elements that are widely-used person and organizational attributes in higher education. If you have ever wondered why we have authorization values like eduPersonAffiliation or eduPersonEntitlement, you can read more on their web sites. Internet2 provides the community-built and community-driven trust and identity infrastructure that supports faculty and staff, researchers and scholars, and access to services across the U.S. and globally. You can read more here: https://www.internet2.edu/products-services/trust-identity/ Here is a brief overview of how IAM at GT meets the standard IAM model. http://iamweb1.iam.gatech.edu/docs/services/IAMStandards IAM Client Systems Hundreds of applications across campus leverage IAM Services for their Authentication, Authorization and People-Data needs. While most of these systems are not managed at all by the IAM team, it helps the IAM, Central IT and Campus IT teams know how applications work. We’re using a IAM Client Systems documentation folder to collect documentation on what these services are and how they interact with IAM Services. Our goal is to templatize these documents so they become Living Documents within iat and passport. As an application owner, you should feel free to add or modify documentation of your applications. Directions on how to do this will be here. How to guides/ FAQs / Runbooks Why Does IAM do this? How-To Guide to IAM (runbook pages) General Duo FAQ Status.oit How to update status.oit Links Useful links and Old links from old docs sites oneUSG runbook outsourced oneUSG HR benefits svc Lynda Gartner runbook outsourced lynda.gatech and gartner.gatech svc EUS OID EUS is a dba owned application from Oracle to allow Oracle databases to centrally authenticate to an LDAP (OID) that is provisioned from central GT passwords. How to do Nagios Monitoring how to set up Nagios monitoring How to search firewalls How to search firewalls, now that Palo Altos do dynamic Intrusion Prevention drops How to Access IAM Machines How to admin IAM boxes, for the IAM worker IAM Batch Jobs IAM jobs that run on a schedule to get data, transform it, etc. These may be in Java, bash, python, and usually run on ducos.iam or batch-prod.iam servers. sympa_to_AD Customers Information on IAM customers for IAM team use. Service accounts, CAS urls, notes specific for a customer, are some things you can find here. FootPrints Email Addresses We keep a list of email addresses for creating FootPrints tickets here for easy scanning. Projects and Discovery Designs, whiteboards, and other useful project work. Some of this is also useful once a service goes live, for support work. projects_discovery Presentations and Virtual Collections Presentations, collections of documents that are not for IAM internal only. Presentations Technologies EmployeeWelcome Link farms, Ebooks, other GT doc sites, and misc useful information put into one place, for techologies that IAM team uses. Some of this will likely be excluded from Searches, to avoid lots of false positives. Sandboxes for practicing with this Wiki Sandboxes for practicing with this Wiki FAQs and Announcements Most Announcements will appear on the appropriate service pages: login.gatech.edu, passport.gatech.edu, status.oit.gatech.edu What were those test identities assigned to me again? IAM maintains a list of test identities, who’s using them, and for how long. If you need one or more test identities to be reserved for your use, request that by sending email to iam-support@oit.gatech.edu. FAQs can be found here for IAM services: [https://faq.oit.gatech.edu/] Announcements will normally be sent to gted@lists.gatech.edu. You should join this list if you own applications that authenticate to GTED, Shibboleth, or get data from OIT-EIS IAM services. The gted@lists.gatech.edu Sympa list will be used for most announcements and discussions for IAM services. For most IAM questions and issues, we request that you submit a ticket to the OIT Service Desk by sending an email to support@oit.gatech.edu. This support group is trained, and has more people, so they can quickly handle such questions and issues. If you are certain that your issue is an IAM issue you can bypass triage and send an email directly to iam-support@oit.gatech.edu. This will create a ticket for you, assigned to the IAM team. Be aware that this will actually slow down addressing your issue, if the issue is really an email, network, unix, or some other non-IAM issue, or if the (much smaller) IAM support team is heavily loaded at the time. Automated Email Sent from IAM Systems IAM systems, when needed, send email to admins and end users. Check our Email Templates page to search find the template for the email you’re curious about and for information on what process is sending that email. Last edited by John M Bryson, 2023-01-20 15:35:46 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology