Identity and Access Management Home Index Search Log In History Latest Changes services/GTAD GTAD What is GTAD at GT Active Directory is a Microsoft proprietary solution for logins, etc. At GT, many GTAD silos evolved before a central AD (GTAD) was created, and many departments joined after that. However, all have not joined. In the GT central system, many discussions were held with departments about their needs, and these discussions still meet today with some frequency. One result of this was a design where ALL gt central accounts are propagated into GTAD. So the same password on Linux, or open source, or SSO, or Federated systems, also works in applications that authenticate to the central campus AD. Also groups are moved from AD to ED so that open source applications can use those for authorization, and this works in reverse as well. Groups from GRS or Grouper can move to AD so the same authorization can work for everyone. Who uses GTAD? Many GT applications use GTAD for authentication, and many users login to GT workstations, using GTAD accounts. Architecture, Caveats, Gaps, possible Futures For understanding how this fits into the GT infrastructure see the diagram below. Web application authentications, for applications that use central GT Accounts, can be compared to this chart to get a rough idea of the architecture, flow of information, and whether 2FA is employed. From this diagram, gaps can be seen. For example, SSO is not supported directly in GTAD for applications that authenticate to AD directly, Azure. However o365 authentications get SSO participation via ADFS which delegates authentication to Shibboleth. Microsoft is expected to be able to authenticate directly to SAML/Shibboleth so this may be an option someday. Also, Microsoft is developing client 2fa solutions, so that may change future designs as well. Another gap is policy/procedural. An admin can create an account directly in AD, bypassing password policy constraints and expirations, that are enforced by Passport and Kerberos. Such “Rogue” accounts may follow, but are not forced to follow policy. Known Issues and Potential Fixes Potential Account Fixes Known issues and common problems Last edited by John Mark Bryson, 2020-11-24 13:07:06 Short link to this page Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology