Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Policy Library Main navigation About Policy Books Academic Affairs Business & Finance Campus Use & Facilities Employment Faculty Handbook Information Technology Legal Records & Publications Research Student Life Updated Policies New Policies Policy Resources Policy Resources Policy Development Master Glossary Policy FAQs Policy Owner Policy Identification Form Campus Stakeholder Feedback Policy Announcements User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Policy Development Policy on Policies Institute Policies at Georgia Tech must have Institute level approval. To do this, policies need to be reviewed and approved by the appropriate committees and authorizing bodies. All Institute policies will be reviewed and approved as described in the Institute Policy Development and Lifecycle Process. more… Policy Development & Life Cycle Process Recognizing the need for a common, consistent, and transparent process for Institute policies to be thoroughly reviewed, maintained, and made available to the campus community, Georgia Tech has adopted an Institute Policy Development and Life Cycle Process to promote policy awareness, compliance, and accountability. more… Policy Development and Communication Statement The purpose of the Policy Development and Communication Statement is to guide the development of an Institute policy by providing a summary of the proposed policy and ensuring that those who might be affected by a policy are identified, considered, and consulted. more… Policy Template To ensure consistency between policies and to increase clarity, new Institute policies are drafted using a standard Policy Template. more… Policy Steering Committee The Policy Steering Committee is the Institute body that oversees the development of Institute-level policies at Georgia Tech. It is a collaborative body that includes representatives from faculty, students, and staff. more… Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN