ARCC Architectural Research Centers Consortium Primary Menu Skip to content Conferences ARCC 2023 ARCC-EAAE 2022 ARCC 2021 EAAE-ARCC 2020 ARCC 2019 ARCC–EAAE 2018 Conference Repository ARCC Past Conferences Journal Membership ARCC 2020 Annual Meeting Joining ARCC Member Benefits Current Members Member Profiles News Careers Awards Awards Overview Awardees About About Us Goals By-Laws Board Member Roles and Responsibilities Officers List Contact Information Subscribe Search Search for: Category Archives: Awardees Awardees, Awards ARCC Announces the Award Recipients of the 2021 Awards Program December 16, 2020 Chris Jarrett The Board of Directors of the Architectural Research Centers Consortium announces its 2021 Awards in support of recognizing and advancing state-of-the-art research in architecture and related design fields. Many thanks to all of our nominees, their colleagues and member institutions for all that they do to support our shared vision of advancing the culture and production … Continue reading ARCC Announces the Award Recipients of the 2021 Awards Program → Awardees, Awards, News ARCC 2020 King Student Medal for Excellence > Recipients Announced October 30, 2020 Chris Jarrett Jonathan King , HAIA (1926-1997), Founding President, ARCC The ARCC King Student Medal for Excellence in Architectural + Environmental Design Research is awarded to one student per ARCC member school that acknowledges innovation, integrity, and scholarship. The award is named in honor of the late Jonathan King, co-founder and first president of the Architectural Research Centers … Continue reading ARCC 2020 King Student Medal for Excellence > Recipients Announced → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC Mary Kihl Distinguished Service Award February 3, 2020 ARCC Administrator 2020 ARCC Mary Kihl Distinguished Service Award The ARCC Mary Kihl Award is named in honor of longstanding ARCC member and past-Director Dr. Mary Kihl. This award is given to an ARCC member who has demonstrated exceptional service to the ARCC organization. Dr. Kihl has, through her many years of affiliation with ARCC, served the … Continue reading 2020 ARCC Mary Kihl Distinguished Service Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award February 3, 2020 ARCC Administrator 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award The ARCC Dissertation Award is offered each year for the best dissertation by a doctoral student from a member school. The award is intended to honor significant new research in architecture and environmental design and to recognize the achievement of an emerging scholar. Given the quality of nominations, three scholars are … Continue reading 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award – Honorable Mentions February 3, 2020 ARCC Administrator 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award – Honorable Mentions The ARCC Dissertation Award is offered each year for the best dissertation by a doctoral student from a member school. The award is intended to honor significant new research in architecture and environmental design and to recognize the achievement of an emerging scholar. Based on the quality and … Continue reading 2020 ARCC Dissertation Award – Honorable Mentions → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award November 26, 2019 ARCC Administrator 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award The ARCC Research Incentive Award aims to support and promote high‐quality architectural research and scholarship activities in ARCC member schools. The program provides faculty in with a one-year $5,000 grant to support and enhance their research and creative activities, and to develop their research agendas. Reconfigurable Space: Kinematic Environments Controlled … Continue reading 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award November 26, 2019 ARCC Administrator 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award The ARCC Research Incentive Award aims to support and promote high‐quality architectural research and scholarship activities in ARCC member schools. The program provides faculty in with a one-year $5,000 grant to support and enhance their research and creative activities, and to develop their research agendas. Flexi-Form: Design and Fabrication of … Continue reading 2020 ARCC Research Incentive Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC New Researcher Award November 26, 2019 ARCC Administrator The ARCC New Researcher Award celebrates the activities, accomplishments and promise of scholars in the early stages of their research career. The ARCC New Researcher Award is intended to acknowledge emerging figures in architectural and environmental design research that demonstrate innovation in thinking, dedication in scholarship, contributions to the academy, and leadership. Based on the … Continue reading 2020 ARCC New Researcher Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2020 ARCC James Haecker Award for Distinguished Leadership in Architectural Research November 26, 2019 ARCC Administrator The ARCC James Haecker Award for Distinguished Leadership in Architectural Research recognizes an individual who has made outstanding contributions to the growth of the research culture of architecture and related fields, including urban and regional planning, landscape architecture, and interior design. Named in honor of ARCC’s founding Executive Secretary, the recipient of the prestigious James Haecker Award has … Continue reading 2020 ARCC James Haecker Award for Distinguished Leadership in Architectural Research → Awardees, Awards, News Acceptance Talk of Professor Linda Groat, 2019 Haecker Award Winner. June 17, 2019 ARCC Administrator Professor Linda Groat, the 2019 recipient of the ARCC James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award, recorded this talk in acknowledgment of the award. Awardees, Awards, News ARCC 2019 Best Paper and Best Poster Awards June 15, 2019 ARCC Administrator ARCC 2019 Best Paper and Best Poster Awards ARCC is happy to announce the recipients of the Best Paper and Best Poster Awards for ARCC 2019: The Best Paper Awards recipient is Jae Yong Suk, University of Texas at San Antonio, for his paper titled: “Can Hourly-Based Annual Daylighting Simulations Predict Daylight Availability in Dynamic … Continue reading ARCC 2019 Best Paper and Best Poster Awards → Awardees, Awards, News 2019 ARCC Dissertation Awards March 16, 2019 ARCC Administrator Award Winner: Dr. Clarissa Rhomberg Clarissa Rhomberg is Post Doc Researcher at the Institute of Architecture and Planning at the University of Liechtenstein. Her research focus lies on the impact and meaning of socially responsible behaviour for architects, planners and firms in international construction practice. She also works in the fields of sustainable urban development, social inequality, working migrants, … Continue reading 2019 ARCC Dissertation Awards → Awardees, Awards, News 2019 New Researcher Award November 5, 2018 ARCC Administrator The ARCC Board is pleased to award the 2019 New Research Award to Jacob Mans of the University of Minnesota. The award is intended to acknowledge and reward emerging figures in architectural and environmental design research that demonstrate innovation in thinking, dedication in scholarship, contributions to the academy, and leadership within architectural and environmental design research. … Continue reading 2019 New Researcher Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2019 James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award November 1, 2018 ARCC Administrator The ARCC Board is pleased to award the 2019 James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award to Linda Groat. Named in honor of ARCC’s founding Executive Secretary, this award recognizes an individual who has made outstanding contributions to the growth of the research culture of architecture and related fields, including urban and regional planning, landscape architecture, and … Continue reading 2019 James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2019 Research Incentive Award October 29, 2018 ARCC Administrator The ARCC Board is pleased to award the 2019 research incentive award to Shelby Doyle and Nick Senske of Iowa State University for their proposal “Polycasting: multi-material 3D printed formwork for reinforced concrete.” The award aims to support and promote high‐quality architectural research and scholarship activities in ARCC member schools. The program provides faculty in … Continue reading 2019 Research Incentive Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2018 New Researcher Award January 11, 2018 ARCC Administrator Ahmed K. Ali Ahmed is currently an assistant professor of architecture at Texas A&M University. He has been teaching and practicing architecture in the United States, Italy, Turkey and Egypt since 1998. Dr. Ali earned his Ph.D. and Masters degrees in Architecture and Design Research from the Virginia Tech School of Architecture + Design, a … Continue reading 2018 New Researcher Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2018 JAMES HAECKER DISTINGUISHED LEADERSHIP AWARD January 10, 2018 ARCC Administrator Frederick Steiner, FASLA, FAAR, RAAR, SITES AP Dean and Paley Professor; Co-Director, Ian L. McHarg Center Frederick Steiner is dean and Paley Professor at the University of Pennsylvania School of Design (PennDesign) and co-director of its Ian L. McHarg Center for Urbanism and Ecology. Most recently, he served for 15 years as dean of the … Continue reading 2018 JAMES HAECKER DISTINGUISHED LEADERSHIP AWARD → Awardees, Awards, News 2017 Conference Best Paper Award June 18, 2017 ARCC Administrator Ewan Branda, Professor, Woodbury University School of Architecture The Forms of Bureaucracy at Centre Beaubourg Dr. Branda is an architect and architectural historian at the Woodbury University School of Architecture. He teaches thesis studios, foundations studios, and seminars examining contemporary practices of digital humanities and scholarly communications using techniques borrowed from digital gaming and electronic … Continue reading 2017 Conference Best Paper Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2017 James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award January 13, 2017 ARCC Administrator Charles M. (Chuck) Eastman Professor, College of Design and the College of Computing (joint appointment) Founder, Digital Building Lab Chuck Eastman was an early pioneer of AEC CAD, developing research 3D and early solid and parametric modeling systems, at first general for all designed products, later focusing on the building industry starting in the middle … Continue reading 2017 James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2017 New Researcher Award January 13, 2017 ARCC Administrator Dr. Kyle Konis, AIA Dr. Kyle Konis, AIA is an Assistant Professor of Architecture at the University of Southern California. His courses focus on techniques and measurable methods for integrating sustainable design principles into architectural practice and urban design. Kyle’s research interests are centered on improving the feedback loop between design and the performance outcomes … Continue reading 2017 New Researcher Award → Awardees, Awards, News 2017 Dissertation Award January 13, 2017 ARCC Administrator Girmay Kifle Berhie, Texas Tech University Dr. Girmay Berhie received his PhD from Texas Tech University, College of Architecture on August 13th 2016. He earned a Bachelor of Architecture and Town Planning from Addis Ababa University, Ethiopia, and Master of Science in GIS from the International Institute of Aerospace Survey and Earth Science (ITC) in … Continue reading 2017 Dissertation Award → Posts navigation 1 2 Next → ARCC2023 ARCC-EAAE2022 ENQ Sign Up for ARCC Updates Email news@arcc-arch.org to be added to our contact list Recent Posts Call for Abstracts: Relevance of Doctoral Research in Architecture ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ARCHITECTURE IN INTEGRATED DESIGN POSTION IN THE UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS ASSISTANT OR ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR POSITION: ARCHITECTURE + COMPUTATION + MAKING AT CLEMSON UNIVERSITY International Velux Award 2022 Announces Global Student Winners ASSOCIATE DEAN AND ARCHITECTURE PROGRAM DIRECTOR POSITIONS AT KENT STATE UNIVERSITY ©2016 ARCC, Architectural Research Centers Consortium. All rights reserved. Loading Comments... You must be logged in to post a comment.