Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation STUDENT LIFE Main navigation Home About Annual Report Dean of Students Mission, Vision, Goals Research and Assessment Staff Student of Concern What We Do Services Academic, Financial, Personal Assistance Departments Help Request Forms Leadership Opportunities Mental Health & Well-being New Student & Transition Programs Resources Class Attendance Link Directory Mental Health (For Faculty) Parent & Family Room Reservation Student Handbook Talking with College Students About Alcohol Awards/Events Alvin M. Ferst Award Friends of Student Life Award Staff Award of Excellence Commencement Speaker Dean of Students 100th Anniversary Speaker Request - John Stein GT: Utility Links Request Assistance Referral Form Open Search Search Search Home Welcome to Student Life at Georgia Tech! Student Life has a rich and strong history of providing student support services and co-curricular learning opportunities that help our diverse student community acquire and apply life-learning skills. The Division supports the mission of Georgia Tech by enhancing the student experience through programs and services that focus on student transition, learning, leadership, wellness and success, as well as student and parent engagement. Academic, Financial, Personal Assistance Our Division provides a number of services to assist students with medical and personal emergencies. To access these services during regular business hours, students and/or their families may notify the office at (404) 894-2565. In the event of an after-hours emergency, individuals should contact the Georgia Tech Police Department at (404) 894-2500 and request that the “Dean on Call” be contacted. Get Help Now Departments The Division departments and the AVP for Student Engagement & Well-Being and Brandt-Fritz Dean of Students Chair Office assists students in the resolution of problems, provides information about, and referral to campus resources, and promotes initiatives that address students’ needs and interests. Explore our Departments Mental Health & Well-Being If you or someone you know could benefit from a getting some help - whether that be involvement in a student organization, letting some steam out at the CRC, or getting professional counseling services – check out the resources we have available for you to maintain a balanced, healthy lifestyle. Our staff is committed to helping students thrive at Tech! Resources & Services The Division of Student Life offers many opportunities for students to learn and practice effective leadership skills that can be applied to all areas of their personal and professional lives! Leadership Opportunities The Office of New Student & Transition Programs supports new and continuing student success in the Georgia Tech community through a wide range of programs. New Student & Transition Programs On this page you will find the Dean of Students Assistance Request and the Faculty/Staff student referral form. Help Request Forms Commencement Speaker Applications Make your mark on Georgia Tech's history by addressing your fellow classmates at your upcoming Commencement Ceremony! View application forms News Dean of Students Celebrates A Century of Service to Students Nov 9, 2022 This year, the Dean of Students office is celebrating 100 years of service to Georgia Tech students and the Institute. After a century, the mission and purpose of the office remains the same: be a friend, advocate, and support system for Georgia Tech students in times of celebration and struggle. “It is an honor to be serving in the… Read more Student Engagement and Well-Being Launches Two New Student Wellness Centers Sep 6, 2022 The Division of Student Engagement and Well-Being has announced the opening of the… Tech Welcomes Record Number of First-Year and Transfer Students Aug 19, 2022 The Institute continues to expand access to students from a variety of backgrounds. Celebrating Pride Month Jun 8, 2022 June is designated Pride Month for the LGBTQIA community to celebrate culture and… VOICE Team Expands On-Call Services With RAINN Apr 13, 2022 Georgia Tech VOICE is expanding their services by partnering with RAINN, a national… Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) Events Friday Jan 20 2023 Annual MLK Student Celebration 8:00PM - 10:00PM Wednesday Feb 8 2023 Implicit Bias Training 2:00PM - 4:00PM Thursday Feb 23 2023 Implicit Bias Training 11:00AM - 1:00PM Wednesday Mar 1 2023 Microaggressions Training 2:00PM - 4:00PM More events Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN