Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design Main navigation About Key Living Building Details The Team 2021 in Review 2020 in Review Advisory Board Directions Operating Schedule Building Manual Contact the Office Kendeda Building Programs Tours 3-D Tour Image Maps Guided Tours Rooms: Reserving + Details Info for Instructors Resources Kendeda Building Product List Responses to Requests For Information Embodied Carbon K-12 Lesson Plans Case Study: Acoustical Design Kendeda Fund's Living Building Chronicle Lord Aeck Sargent's Blog Living Building Challenge Overview Place Water Energy Materials Health & Happiness Equity Beauty Media Podcasts & Videos Media Coverage Photo Album Research 2021 Micro-Grants Generation II Reinvented Toilet Indoor Air Quality VIP Building Equity and Sustainability VIP: Living Building Science 2017-2018 Learning Programs Exhibitions Learning from Nature: The Future of Design Gender Equality: Reimagining Our Future Through Art and Technology Transformative Narratives Open Search Search Search More than a Building: It is a Mission The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design is the first building in Georgia and 28th in the world to earn Living Building Challenge (LBC) certification, the world’s most ambitious and holistic green building achievement. Rather than being less bad for the environment, The Kendeda Building fosters regenerative and restorative relationships amongst humans and nature where people give back more to the environment than they take. Its photovoltaic system supplies over 200% of the building's annual energy needs, far exceeding the 105% LBC requirement. The building is also net-positive water. Its 16 foam flush composting toilets and waterless urinals (combined) use less water than one typical low-flow toilet. By incorporating salvaged materials during construction, the building diverted more waste from the landfill than it sent. To keep economic benefits local, at least 50% of the building materials and services were sourced from within 621 miles of the site. And it prioritizes occupant health and happiness. The Building is composed of materials screened for common hazardous chemicals known to harm human and environmental health. This multi-disciplinary classroom building exists to prove that we can design, construct, and operate regenerative buildings in our region. This mission, to catalyze regenerative buildings and built environments in our region, gains legitimacy by having a Living Building in Georgia that can be showcased to the community, industry, and policymakers. The Kendeda Building staff are charged with advancing this mission to change the paradigm from buildings that are "less bad" to buildings that give back more than they take. Surviving the Zombie Apocalypse at Kendeda The Greenest Classroom Building in the U.S. Tours Seeing is believing. Over 5,000 people have already taken a tour of Georgia's first Living Building. Please book tours at least two weeks in advance. Please watch amazing video tour prior to in-person tour. Sign Up for a Guided Tour Video Tour Watch Video Featured Social Media Post The Kendeda Building won two awards at the USGBC Georgia 2022 Chrysalis Awards: Climate Champion Award and People's Choice Award. Congrats to all the amazing projects who were honored! Featured Article Climate and Construction: The challenges of addressing construction’s two-part carbon story. This Canadian article featured The Kendeda Building is a climate solution. Featured Podcast Shaping Sustainable Places showcasing The Kendeda Building: iTunes Spotify Google Key Living Building Details Reserve Space The Kendeda Building is primarily a classroom/classlab. The schedule of the building is unknown past the current semester. Please adhere to our Living Building guidelines. Request Space for Your Event 3D Tour Take Tour Kendeda Building Videos Sustainable Sculpture at Georgia Tech World-renowned sculptor Patrick Dougherty was commissioned by Georgia Tech to create one of his unique, large-scale art installations. "Chip Off the Ole Block” is made entirely of saplings and natural materials that were sourced by volunteers at Serenbe, the new Urbanism community located in Chattahoochee Hills, Georgia. The large-scale installation enjoys a commanding location on the newest section of Georgia Tech’s Eco-Commons, adjacent to The Kendeda Building. Urban Agriculture at Georgia Tech: Kendeda Building Fall Planting Urban agriculture gives us an opportunity to connect to our food. At the Kendeda Building, we have three plantings and harvesting a year with the help of student volunteers. The New Normal: A Sustainable Response to COVID-19 This documentary features observations made by students, staff, faculty, and building professionals regarding COVID-19, the built environment, and how lessons learned from The Kendeda Building can inform what “the new normal” looks like once we emerge from this crisis. This film is dedicated to Nirmala Patel, Rasik Sheth, and all those we've lost to this pandemic. Social Media Links Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN