Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Digital Building Lab College of Design Main navigation About Who We Are Academics Our Network Research Data Standards Interoperability Design, Fabrication, and Construction Automation Project Delivery Systems Membership and Industry Programs Eastman Symposium Contact Us Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academics Academics Our researchers teach and advise students in the School of Architecture's graduate programs. Through research assistantships and relevant studio work, our students get the benefit of networking with the DBL members. Master's Programs The School’s Master of Architecture (M.Arch.) program is offered in two tracks: a 3-year track for those with undergraduate degrees in disciplines other than architecture, and a 2-year track for those with four-year, pre-professional degrees in architecture and receiving full advanced standing. The School’s Master of Science in Architecture (MS-Arch) program may be completed within one year. It provides students holding professional degrees in architecture, or equivalent degrees in allied fields of design or engineering, with research‐based knowledge that is applicable to the advancement of professional practice. The program concentrations include: High Performance Building Design and Health Advanced Production Building Information Systems Design Computation The School’s Master of Science in Urban Design program is a one-year, three-semester curriculum oriented to those who wish to expand upon their previous professional education and professional experience and to enter urban design practices either in private firms or public agencies. Ph.D. Program The School of Architecture also offers coursework leading to the Doctor of Philosophy degree. In this program, students develop the knowledge and technologies that enhance design imagination and the design process; articulate design choices and predict the consequences of design decisions; among other crucial skills. Research emphasis includes: Architecture, Culture & Behavior Design Technology History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in