Skip to main navigation Skip to content Success at Tech Advising LGBTQIA+ Mental Health Services Minority Services New Students STAR Tutoring Women’s Resources Search for: Search Search for: Search Now in main content Pathways to Success at Tech Provided by the Office of Undergraduate Education & Student Engagement and Well-Being Student Success includes a network of support, from peers to professional staff. Georgia Tech students are surrounded by an extensive support system all the way from orientation through graduation. We want our students to succeed — and it shows in our retention numbers and graduation rates.  Advising / Exploratory Advising More Info Advisors know their major’s curriculum, and are the experts to help students navigate their academic path at Tech. Your academic advisor can help you plan to make the most of your college experience and is also your resource for discussions about any academic difficulties or challenges you encounter.  Academic Coaching More Info Academic Coaching provides students with the chance to work individually with professional staff members to enhance their academic skills, gain confidence, discover motivation, and improve performance. Students usually schedule a 45-60 minute meeting every two weeks or once a month, depending on their individual need. Academic Coaching is available year round so schedule your appointment now. l Tutoring & Academic Support More Info Located in Clough 283, Tutoring and Academic Support is a unit within the Office of the Vice Provost for Undergraduate Education that provides 1-to-1 Tutoring, PLUS sessions, Drop-in tutoring, and manages the tutoring help desk in Clough.  Peer-Led Undergraduate Study (PLUS) More Info Peer-Led Undergraduate Study (PLUS) sessions provide opportunities for students enrolled in traditionally challenging courses to work together to review course content, develop learning and study strategies, and prepare for exams. These voluntary sessions are offered two times each week and are facilitated by peer leaders (PLUS leaders) who have already successfully completed the course. w Communication Center (CommLab) More Info Located in Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons 447, the Communication Center (comprised of the Naugle CommLab and the Rehearsal Rooms) aids student-clients from the Georgia Tech community with communication skills and projects related to their classes, careers, and civic and community lives. As an inclusive resource, the center welcomes students of all identities, languages, and ability levels.  Office of Minority Services (OMED) More Info As part of Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion’s Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, OMED: Educational Services is charged with the retention and development of traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. However, our programs and initiatives are open to all Georgia Tech students. P Center for Mental Health Care & Resources More Info The Center for Assessment, Referral and Education (CARE) is committed to the health and well-being of our campus community and is OPEN. CARE services are available during the office hours of Monday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday 8:00 AM – 12:00 PM & 1:00 PM – 4:00 PM and Tuesday 9:00 AM – 12:00 PM and 1:00 PM – 4:00 PM. To access CARE services, please call 404-894-3498 and you will be provided further instructions.  STAR Student Services More Info Students’ Temporary Assistance and Resources (STAR) is an organization that provides stability for students to pursue a fulfilling college experience. It does this by facilitating collaboration between organizations offering student support and increasing campus awareness of these programs. The five points of the star are food, finances, clothing, housing, and connections  Women's Resource Center More Info The Georgia Tech Women’s Resource Center advances gender equity across identities by cultivating opportunities for community building, transformative learning, collaborative leadership, and identity development for graduate and undergraduate women.  LGBTQIA Resource Center More Info The Center coordinates a range of programs and events throughout the year aimed at educating faculty, students, and staff about LGBTQIA issues, providing safe spaces for LGBTQIA students to build community and explore their identities, and facilitating conversations about LGBTQIA diversity, equity, and inclusion. The Center is now located in Suite 140 on the lower level of the Smithgall Student Services Building, also known as the Flag Building.  New Student & Transition Programs More Info The Office of New Student & Transition Programs supports new and continuing student success in the Georgia Tech community through a wide range of programs. These initiatives focus on fostering the transition and engagement of students in the Tech community: FASET Orientation (First Year, Transfer, Exchange Students and Guests) Wreck Camp (Extended Orientation Camp) Welcome Home Month KNIT Mentoring Transfer Programs Leadership Opportunities Learn more about the Office of Undergraduate Education The Office of Undergraduate Education (OUE) challenges students to become accomplished learners who are able to make meaningful connections among work, study, and community. We connect curricular and co-curricular offerings to assist students in developing a strong foundation for success, during college and after. Learn More about OUE Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Back to top