ARCC Architectural Research Centers Consortium Primary Menu Skip to content Conferences ARCC 2023 ARCC-EAAE 2022 ARCC 2021 EAAE-ARCC 2020 ARCC 2019 ARCC–EAAE 2018 Conference Repository ARCC Past Conferences Journal Membership ARCC 2020 Annual Meeting Joining ARCC Member Benefits Current Members Member Profiles News Careers Awards Awards Overview Awardees About About Us Goals By-Laws Board Member Roles and Responsibilities Officers List Contact Information Subscribe Search Search for: Awards Overview Material Research by Rachel Dickey, University of North Carolina at Charlotte (variations in ‘light play’ with vacuum-metalized film invented by NASA) All award applications are due October 1, except for the King Medal and Best Research Paper and Poster Awards. ARCC defines ‘architectural research’ broadly and inclusively across a range of domains in support of advancing knowledge of the built environment. Award applications should be sent to Awards Committee Chair, Professor Ming Hu. Applications for the King Medal program should be sent to Dr. Brian Sinclair. ARCC New Book Award The ARCC Book Award is offered annually to a faculty member at an ARCC member institution to recognize recently published books that demonstrate excellence in architectural research. ARCC Mid-Career Research Impact Award The ARCC Mid-Career Research Impact Award is offered annually to a mid-career faculty member at an ARCC member institution to recognize outstanding performance and substantive impact in architectural research. ARCC Best Journal Article Award The ARCC Best Journal Award is offered annually to a faculty member at an ARCC member institution to recognize recently published peer-reviewed journal articles that demonstrate excellence in architectural research. ARCC Research Incentive Award The ARCC Research Incentive Award provides faculty in ARCC member schools with the resources needed to support and enhance their research and creative activities and to develop their research agendas. ARCC Dissertation Award The ARCC Dissertation Award is offered each year for the best dissertation by a doctoral student from a member school. The award is intended to honor significant new research in architecture and environmental design and to recognize the achievement of an emerging scholar. ARCC New Researcher Award The ARCC New Researcher Award each year is offered to member institutions of ARCC to acknowledge and reward emerging figures in architectural and environmental design research that demonstrate innovation in thinking, dedication in scholarship, contributions to the academy, and leadership within architectural and environmental design research. ARCC King Student Medal The ARCC King Student Medal for Excellence in Architectural + Environmental Design Research is named in honor of the late Jonathan King, co-founder and first president of the Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC). This award is given to one student per ARCC member college, school, institute, or unit. Selection of recipients is at the discretion of the individual member institutions, but is based upon criteria that acknowledge innovation, integrity, and scholarship in architectural and/or environmental design research. ARCC James Haecker Distinguished Leadership Award The ARCC James Haecker Award is awarded to individuals for distinguished leadership in architectural research. The award, named in honor of ARCC’s founding Executive Secretary, recognizes an individual who has made outstanding contributions to the growth of the research culture of architecture and related fields, including urban and regional planning, landscape architecture, and interior design. Nominees, therefore, should have demonstrated, whether in professional practice, academics, or service, a record of sustained and significant research leadership accomplishment at the national or international level. ARCC Mary Kihl Distinguished Service Award The ARCC Mary Kihl Award is named in honor of longstanding Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC) member and past-Director Dr. Mary Kihl. This award is given to an ARCC member who has demonstrated exceptional service to the ARCC organization. Dr. Kihl has, through her many years of affiliation with ARCC, served the organization with tireless dedication, selfless contributions, uncompromising integrity, and a strong focus on excellence. Candidates for this prestigious award should demonstrate like qualities. The award will be conferred based on the merit of candidates, but not necessarily on an annual basis. ARCC Best Research Paper and Poster Award The ARCC Best Research Paper and Poster Award is selected from presentations at ARCC ‘s annual Conferences (either solely under direction of ARCC or as a combined conference with another institution or organization). The limited number of papers and posters are nominated and peer-reviewed by the Board of Directors. Special recognition is given to one or more submissions as the best of the conference. In years when the annual research conference is shared, representatives from both ARCC and its partner institution or organization will review the submissions and select the finalists. ARCC2023 ARCC-EAAE2022 ENQ Sign Up for ARCC Updates Email news@arcc-arch.org to be added to our contact list Recent Posts Call for Abstracts: Relevance of Doctoral Research in Architecture ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ARCHITECTURE IN INTEGRATED DESIGN POSTION IN THE UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS ASSISTANT OR ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR POSITION: ARCHITECTURE + COMPUTATION + MAKING AT CLEMSON UNIVERSITY International Velux Award 2022 Announces Global Student Winners ASSOCIATE DEAN AND ARCHITECTURE PROGRAM DIRECTOR POSITIONS AT KENT STATE UNIVERSITY ©2016 ARCC, Architectural Research Centers Consortium. All rights reserved. Loading Comments... You must be logged in to post a comment.