Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Our State Main navigation Home Economic Impact Education Innovation Contact Us Open Search Search Search Home Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) Georgia Tech has been committed to progress and service in our state since 1885. Our community of innovation connects education, research, industry, and government to create opportunity for all Georgians. Driving Growth $4.19B State Impact The Institute is a major economic driver and a champion of economic opportunity in our state. Return on Investment #1 Annual Return Georgia Tech graduates have the highest earnings of all Georgia colleges at one, five, and 10 years after graduation. Research Impact Top 20 R&amp;D Expenditures in higher education research and development spending. Image Education Tech invests knowledge and resources to enhance learning and foster success — for students and for the citizens of Georgia — improving the quality of life for all in our state. Educating Georgia Students Economic Impact As an engine of Progress and Service for more than 135 years, Georgia Tech builds partnerships, creates jobs, and develops skills for the 21st-century economy. Driving Growth Image Image Innovation Georgia Tech supports talented faculty, students, and researchers across disciplines to help solve the most pressing problems facing Georgia and the world today. Advancing Technology, Statewide Latest Stories Manufacturing Innovation Statewide Georgia Tech Receives $65M for Semiconductor Research In 2022, the Semiconductor Research Corporation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency announced a new program to improve the nation’s information and technology infrastructure. With a global chip shortage, supply chain issues, and other challenges in play, a group of Georgia Tech faculty members jumped at the opportunity to participate. Read the Full Story on the News Center Education Statewide Georgia Tech Ranks Among Top Public Universities in Latest Undergraduate Rankings Georgia Tech continues to rank among the top public universities in the nation, and its programs remain among the best in the country, according to the 2023 U.S. News & World Report Best Colleges rankings.* For the fifth year in a row, all 10 of Georgia Tech’s engineering programs placed in the top 5 in the nation, with seven of those programs placing either first or second in their discipline. Georgia Tech was also named No. 5 overall in Best Undergraduate Computer Science programs. More than 66% of Georgia Tech’s undergraduate students are enrolled in either engineering or computing. Georgia Tech was also ranked among the top 20 Best Undergraduate Business programs in the country. Overall, Tech ranks No. 15 in the Best Public University category. Learn the Big Picture on Rankings Education North Georgia (Rome) Cartersville's Tellus Science Center’s Materials Exhibit Gets “Superhuman” Assistance from Georgia Tech A new exhibit about “Superhero Materials” at Cartersville’s Tellus Science Museum received an assist from Georgia Tech’s College of Engineering. Mark Losego, associate professor in the School of Materials Science and Engineering (MSE), worked with the museum’s staff to frame the technical content and design of the exhibit. Superhero Materials is largely interactive, featuring tactile and repeatable experiments that demonstrate materials science principles and display the unique properties of different materials such as shape memory alloys, transparent concrete, and fiber optic fabric. “It was exciting to contribute to this exhibit. I do a lot of demos in my MSE classes now, but this was a chance to have thousands of people experience these materials science demos and possibly inspire a new generation of materials engineers,” said Losego. See more images of the Superhuman Materials Exhibit in the full news story. Economic Impact Statewide President Cabrera Visits Georgia Communities During 550-mile Summer Tour Georgia Tech's wheels rolled across Georgia over three days in late June, as President Ángel Cabrera and team members from Institute Relations visited prospective students, alumni, community and business leaders across our state. Read the President's blog for tour videos and his perspectives after experiencing and promoting the Institute's impact during 20 events in eight towns across 550 miles. Read the President's blog and watch videos from the Georgia Tour Economic Impact Statewide Georgia Tech’s Economic Impact Grows to Nearly $4.2 Billion in Fiscal Year 2021 The University System of Georgia (USG) released its annual report highlighting the significant economic impact that Georgia’s higher education institutions had across the state between July 1, 2020, and June 30, 2021. The data calculated by the Selig Center for Economic Growth at the University of Georgia’s Terry College of Business includes a breakdown of Georgia Tech’s benefit to the state. The study shows that the USG contributed a total of $19.3 billion to Georgia’s economy during the 2021 fiscal year. Georgia Tech’s economic impact is the highest of any USG institution, with nearly $4.2 billion — a 4.6% increase from FY 2020. See the full story on the Georgia Tech News Center Infrastructure Innovation Statewide Tech Faculty Serve on Statewide Sustainable Building Advisory Committee Two Georgia Tech faculty are contributing to the newly created Sustainable Building Material Technical Advisory Committee, a group focused on reduction of greenhouse gas emissions in our state. Russell Gentry, director of the Digital Building Lab in the College of Design, was appointed chair and will lead the effort to track carbon for trees used in construction. Wood building materials will then be part of the state’s carbon registry, which will allow carbon credits to be bought and sold. The committee also relies on Valerie Thomas, the Anderson-Interface Chair of Natural Systems in the H. Milton School of Industrial and Systems Engineering, to determine net carbon benefit of sustainable materials versus conventional construction materials. Read more about the potential impact on Georgia's forestry industry Pagination Current page 1 Next page Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education