Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Digital Building Lab College of Design Main navigation About Who We Are Academics Our Network Research Data Standards Interoperability Design, Fabrication, and Construction Automation Project Delivery Systems Membership and Industry Programs Eastman Symposium Contact Us Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home About Us About Us The DBL was started in 2009 by Professor Chuck Eastman, a pioneer of Computer Aided Design and one of the originators of BIM. In its nearly 10-year history, the DBL has become one of the industry’s foremost institutions in building information practices, leading the development of industry standards, and educating a generation of technology development and professional practice leaders. Today, BIM has become a reality in the industry, and disruptive technologies are rapidly transforming design and construction practices. The DBL is expanding its core strengths in BIM standards, data management, and interoperability into new directions including collaborative web systems, big data analytics and learning, and connecting to diverse research fields including robotics, materials research, and the Internet of Things. Improving Building Industry Practices The Digital Building Laboratory (DBL) connects Georgia Tech researchers to professionals in the architecture, engineering, construction, and operations (AECO) industries. We bring practitioners working in the field together with cutting edge research in data science, robotics, 3D visualization, and materials science. Working together with industry partners, DBL research teams create new tools and ways of working, and help industry adopt these advances through training, standards development, and student internships. Our interdisciplinary lab draws researchers -- faculty and students -- from academic units across Georgia Tech, including architecture, computing, building construction, civil engineering, and mechanical engineering. Industry partners span professional design and construction firms, software and building product companies, owners and government institutions, and industry trade groups. Our Take on Digital Technology Digital technologies are dramatically impacting the building industries, from the tools and processes used to design and build, to the technologies and systems delivered, to the ways people and organizations experience and interact with the built environment. Today’s technology allows digitally generated and optimized designs to be automatically connected to digitally augmented processes across the supply chain: from robotic fabrication, to augmented reality, to intelligent building sensors networks. New building information modeling (BIM) tools and practices combine 3-dimensional virtual buildings with rich structured data, allowing deeper understanding of projects during design; simulation of project behavior during engineering; robotics and digital positioning during construction. Information generated at one step of the process can be directly re-purposed by others in a digital collaborative system. Get To Know Us Who We Are We work across disciplines in the College of Design, and with Georgia Tech research and academic units. Our Academic Role Our researchers teach and advise students in the School of Architecture master’s and Ph.D. programs. Our Network We bring together academic, technical, and professional partners for advanced, project-based research. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in