Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Digital Building Lab College of Design Main navigation About Who We Are Academics Our Network Research Data Standards Interoperability Design, Fabrication, and Construction Automation Project Delivery Systems Membership and Industry Programs Eastman Symposium Contact Us Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Membership and Industry Programs Opportunities for Networking and Learning Membership and Industry Programs Opportunities for Networking and Learning In addition to its core research efforts, the Digital Building Laboratory interacts with its members, the Georgia Tech community, and the broader industry through a number of programs: DBL Symposium The annual DBL Symposium is the centerpiece of its annual research and education program. Organized around research streams of relevance to industry, this two-day event is a showcase of the technology, research, and educational work of the Georgia Tech digital building community. Beginning in 2017, an international conference on emergent technology themes will launch the first day of the symposium. Members’ Meeting and Workshops The annual members' meeting provides updates on DBL research along with a series of workshops on topics of interest to the member community. These workshops bring together invited industry experts focused on topics of shared interest, to communicate and learn about each others’ efforts, develop shared strategies for industry advancement, and help guide the DBL in addressing emerging industry needs. Professional Courses The DBL offers professional courses and certificates in specific topics of interest to the industry, which range from beginning level courses to advanced professional-level training. Past courses have included workshops on BIM competency, entrepreneurship, etc. The Living Laboratory Campus The Georgia Tech campus and facilities serve as a living laboratory and physical test bed for digitally integrated design, construction, and operations projects. The DBL works closely with campus design, construction, and operations leadership to implement pilot projects as part of capital programs, and to coordinate the introduction of member products and services for pilot and commercial applications. Technology Test Bed The lab maintains a test bed of partner software for the purposes of testing data exchange and interoperability scenarios on behalf of consortium research as well as for project applications. Digital Fabrication Lab The Digital Fabrication Lab is a 13,000-square-foot facility with industry-grade equipment, including a full spectrum of traditional, CNC, and robotic fabrication equipment. This facility is available for physical prototyping and research in materials, system design, building assemblies and product testing. Internship and Embedded Research Programs The DBL assists members in connecting with students for summer research or extended research residencies, and coordinates the academic and research aspects of these relationships. Entrepreneurship Program The DBL guides Georgia Tech’s program in Building Technology Entrepreneurship. This program connects entrepreneurs and DBL members who are interested in bringing new technologies to market with business advisors, incubators and funding resources to help launch new technology development ventures. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in