Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home People Russell Gentry Associate Dean for Faculty; Acting Director, Digital Building Lab; Professor russell.gentry@design.gatech.edu (404) 894-3845 Education Ph.D. Civil Engineering (Structures), University of Michigan, 1992 M.S. (Civil Engineering), Georgia Institute of Technology,1986 B.S. (Civil Engineering), Georgia Institute of Technology, 1985 Biography Russell Gentry is Professor of Architecture and Civil Engineering (by courtesy) and a licensed structural engineer. He teaches graduate courses in building structures, computationally-driven fabrication and construction, and building integration. He is affiliated with the design computing faculty in the School of Architecture and the structural engineering and mechanics of materials faculty in the School of Civil Engineering. Prof. Gentry is the chair of ASTM D30.10, Composites for Civil Structures and an expert on the development of test methods for composite materials. He is a fellow of the International Institute for Fiber Composites (IIFC). He is the Georgia Tech principal investigator on the NSF-sponsored international initiative to develop alternative uses for decommissioned composite wind turbine blades (www.re-wind.info). Gentry is the Acting Director of the Digital Building Laboratory (DBL) an applied research lab in the College of Design, focusing on computational design, building information modeling, and information technology in the AEC industry. He serves as the Associate Dean for Faculty in the College of Design. Computer-Aided Wall Development Installation in the Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons at Georgia Tech A schematic drawing of a PV assembly Honors Georgia Tech, College of Design, Faculty Research Award, 2019 ASTM Distinguished Service Award, 2016 ASTM President’s Leadership Award, 2011 Recent Publications Benjamin Tasistro-Hart, Tristan Al-Haddad, Lawrence C. Bank, and Russell Gentry, (2019), “Reconstruction of Wind Turbine Blade Geometry and Internal Structure from Point Cloud Data,” ASCE International Conference on Computing in Civil Engineering, June 17-19, 2019. Collins, Jeffrey and Gentry, Russell, (2019), “Mapping Precast: Linking Global and Local Descriptions of Architectural Precast Concrete,” ASCE International Conference on Computing in Civil Engineering Theme: Future Cities and Resilient Infrastructures, June 17 - 19, 2019, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A, to appear. Bermek, Mehmet, Shelden, Dennis and Gentry, Russell (2019) “Schema for Automated Generation of CLT Floor Framing and Panelization”, ASCE International Conference on Computing in Civil Engineering, June 17 - 19 2019. Morrow, Ruth, Gentry, Russell and Al-Haddad, Tristan (2018), “Re-Wind: Architectural Design Studio and the Re-Purposing of Wind Turbine Blades”, SEEDS: Sustainable Ecological Engineering Design for Society, Dublin Institute of Technology, Dublin, Ireland, 6-7 September 2018. Gentry, Russell and Bakis, Charles (2018), “ASTM Specification for Glass-Fiber Reinforced Polymer Bars for Concrete Reinforcement” 9th International Conference on Fiber Reinforced Polymer Composites in Civil Engineering (CICE 2016), July 17-19, 2018, Paris, France. Gentry, Russell, Bank, Lawrence C., Chen, Jian-Fei, Arias, Franco and Al-Haddad, Tristan (2018), Adaptive Reuse of FRP Composite Wind Turbine Blades for Civil Infrastructure Construction, 9th International Conference on Fiber Reinforced Polymer Composites in Civil Engineering (CICE 2018), July 17-19, 2018, Paris, France. K. Sanborn, T.R. Gentry, Z. Koch, A. Valkenburg, C. Conley, L.K. Stewart, (2018), Ballistic Performance of Cross-Laminated Timber (CLT), Journal of Impact Engineering. Lawrence C. Bank, Franco R. Arias, Ardavan Yazdanbakhsh, T. Russell Gentry, Tristan Al-Haddad, Jian-Fei Chen, Ruth Morrow, (2018), “Concepts for Reusing Composite Materials from Decommissioned Wind Turbine Blades in Affordable Housing”, Recycling, 3(1). Gentry, T.R., Javaid, A., Chen, M. and Scott, D. (2016) “Bearing Strength of Small-Diameter Self-Tapping Fasteners in Hybrid Steel-FRP Connections”, 8th International Conference on Fiber Reinforced Polymer Composites in Civil Engineering (CICE 2016), December 14-16, 2016, Hong Kong, Hong Kong. Shahmiri, Fereshteh and Gentry, Russell (2016) “A Survey of Cable-Suspended Robots and their Application in Architecture and Construction”, Congress of Iberoamerican Society of Digital Graphics (SiGraDi 2016), November 9-11, 2016, Buenos Aires, Argentina. Cavieres, Andres, Eastman Charles and Gentry, Russell (2016) “A Process-Driven Representation Schema for Masonry Wall Assemblies”, 33rd International Symposium on Automation and Robotics in Construction (ISARC 2016), July 18 to 21, 2016, Auburn, Alabama. Sharif, S., T.R. Gentry, J. Yen, and J.N. Goodman (2013) “Kinetic Solar Panels: A Transformative and Expandable Geometric System for Photovoltaic Structures” International Journal of Architectural Computing, 11:2. Gentry, T. Russell, (2011), “Performance of glued-laminated timbers with FRP shear and flexural reinforcement”, Journal of Composites for Construction, American Society of Civil Engineers, v 15, n 5, p 861-870. Recent Courses ARCH 6252: Building Structures 2 CEE 6544: Structural Modeling ARCH 8832: Building Systems and Data ARCH 6506: Construction Materials, Systems, and Fabrications Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in