Skip to main content Welcome to Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Meet at Atlanta's Premier Conference Center Hotel Work smarter and stay relaxed at one of the best-equipped hotels in midtown Atlanta. The Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center is where innovative conferences thrive and business and sophistication meet. In the heart of Atlanta’s vibrant Technology Square, the only hotel on the Georgia Tech campus offers the perfect blend of a world-class conference center with the style and convenience of a chic city center hotel. We’re just moments from the Georgia World Congress Center and premier attractions, shopping, dining and nightlife. Fully wired for business and steps from the Georgia Tech academic and administration buildings and athletic facilities, our hotel is ideally positioned for Atlanta GA corporate travelers and visiting Georgia Tech families, alumni and friends. Relax & Unwind The thoughtfully designed guest rooms at the Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center were crafted to promote a restful night's sleep while providing all of the modern amenities you've come to expect while in Atlanta. Learn More Connect & Collaborate Designed to exceed the expectations of today’s professionals our versatile and multi-purpose conference center features 21,000 square feet of meeting and conference space encompassing 23 rooms. Learn More Gather & Celebrate Event planning is made easy at our Midtown hotel. From creative food and beverage menu offerings to lavish decorations and everything in between, toast with friends, family and colleagues as you create lasting memories. Learn More Featured Reviews My favorite part of working with the GA Tech hotel, apart from your staff, is the flexibility you offer to your clients: - Last minute requests are implemented quickly - There is no bureaucracy or red tape. I feel like your entire staff is easily accessible in the planning process. - Small requests do not amount to a "surprise invoice" At the end of the event. I can tell you how refreshing this is. Hats off the chef. This is the only conference we run in the entire world where I don't get one complaint about the food. Rather our attendees rave about it. In an industry where you can't please everyone, your chef has managed to do so. Back to top Contact Us Directions Notice of Accessibility Privacy Policy Commitment to Clean Frequently Asked Questions Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center 800 Spring St. NW Atlanta, GA 30308 Phone: 404-347-9440 | 1-800-706-BUZZ (2899) Email: reservations@gatechhotel.com Fax: 404-347-9088 Our Partners & Awards Copyright Travelclick