Skip to main content Skip to sub nav Georgia Tech ISyE Georgia Tech ISyE Menu Close Home About The School Why ISyE Message from the Chair Facts & Rankings ISyE Advisory Board Mission & Strategic Plan Diversity and Inclusivity Accreditation History Computing Computer Labs Conference Rooms Industrial Engineering What we Do Problems we Solve Where our Graduates Work Partnerships ISyE Partners Program Undergraduate Senior Design Master's Capstone Projects Faculty-led Reseach Professional Education Courses K-12 Outreach Support ISyE Alumni Resources Profiles & Success Stories Why ISyE How to Make a Gift Support ISyE Maps & Directions Maps & Directions ISyE Building Complex Employment Opportunities Faculty Positions Endowed Faculty Positions Lecturer Director of the Center for Academics, Success, and Equity GTSI (Shenzhen, China) Positions Postdoctoral Fellow Positions Postdoctoral Fellow Positions (NZFSP) Academics Bachelor's Current Students FAQ Registration Curriculum Courses Courses and Concentrations Engineering Electives BSIE / MS Pathway BSIE / MSSCE Program Advising Change Major Senior Design Student Resources ISyE Studio Enriching your Education Undergraduate Research Student Organizations ISyE Ambassadors Co-ops, Internships, Global Internship Pgm Study Abroad & International Plan Entrepreneurship Scholarships and Awards Prospective Students Why ISyE What we Do Problems IEs Solve Student Visits & Admission Placement Facts & Rankings Profiles & Success Stories Industrial Engineering About Curriculum Analytics & Data Science Economic & Financial Systems Operations Research Operations Research & Statistics Advanced Quality & Statistics Supply Chain Engineering General Industrial Engineering BSIE / MS Pathway BSIE / MSSCE Program Engineering Electives Archived Curriculum Flow Charts Courses Faculty Placement Master's Current Students FAQ New Student Information Advising Registration Course Projections Graduate Student Advisory Council Computing Enriching your Education Student Resources ISyE Studio Prospective Students FAQ Admissions What we Do Placement Facts & Rankings Profiles & Success Stories Analytics Computational Science & Engineering Health Systems About Admissions Curriculum - General / Practicum Track Curriculum - Predictive Health Track Faculty Placement FAQ Industrial Engineering About Admissions Curriculum - General / Practicum Track Faculty Placement FAQ Operations Research About Admissions Curriculum - General / Practicum Track Faculty Placement FAQ Statistics About Admissions Curriculum Faculty Placement FAQ Supply Chain Engineering About Admissions Curriculum - General / Practicum Track Capstone Projects Faculty Placement FAQ Quantitative & Computational Finance Doctoral Current Students FAQ New Student Information Advising Registration Graduate Student Advisory Council Computing Financial Support Enriching your Education Faculty Research Student Listing Student Resources ISyE Studio Prospective Students FAQ Admissions Financial Support Placement Awards & Honors Faculty Reseach Facts and Rankings Profiles & Success Stories Algorithms, Combinatorics, & Optimization Bioinformatics Computational Science & Engineering Industrial Engineering About Admissions Curriculum - All Tracks Faculty Placement FAQ Operations Research About Admissions Curriculum - Tracks Faculty Placement FAQ Research ISyE Fields of Specialization Advanced Manufacturing About People Analytics and Machine Learning About People Applied Probability and Simulation About People Data Science and Statistics About People Economic Decision Analysis About People Energy and Sustainable Systems About People Health and Humanitarian Systems About People Optimization About People Supply Chain Engineering About People System Informatics and Control About People Interdisciplinary Research Centers ISyE Centers and Labs ISyE Postdoctoral Fellowship Program People Faculty/Staff PhD Students Visitors Send A Thank You News & Events News Current News 2022 News 2021 News 2020 News 2019 News 2018 News 2017 News 2016 News 2015 News 2014 News 2013 News 2012 News Events Upcoming Events ISyE Distinguished Lectures ISyE Seminars DOS Seminars Statistics Seminars Past Events Watch Past Seminars Student Organization Events Past Conferences Publications ISyE Publications Publication Archive Subscribe to Newsletter Featured Stories Calendar Subscribe to Calendar Contact Georgia Tech Home Map Directory Offices Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Search Search form Enter your keywords The School Why ISyE Message from the Chair Facts & Rankings ISyE Advisory Board Mission & Strategic Plan Diversity and Inclusivity Accreditation History Computing Industrial Engineering What we Do Problems we Solve Where our Graduates Work Partnerships ISyE Partners Program Professional Education Courses K-12 Outreach Support ISyE Alumni Resources Profiles & Success Stories Why ISyE How to Make a Gift Support ISyE Visiting Maps & Directions ISyE Building Complex Employment Opportunites Bachelor's Program Master's Programs Doctoral Programs Continuing & Professional Education Industrial engineering, operations research, and systems engineering are fields of study intended for individuals who are interested in analyzing and formulating abstract models of complex systems with the intention of improving system performance. Unlike traditional disciplines in engineering and the mathematical sciences, the fields address the role of the human decision-maker as key contributor to the inherent complexity of systems and primary benefactor of the analyses. ISyE Fields of Specialization Interdisciplinary Research Centers and Institutes ISyE Centers and Labs ISyE Postdoctoral Fellowship Program Georgia Tech pursues leading-edge research with industry, government, and community partners. At ISyE, we are a national leader in 10 core fields of specialization: Advanced Manufacturing, Analytics and Machine Learning, Applied Probability and Simulation, Data Science and Statistics, Economic Decision Analysis, Energy and Sustainable Systems, Health and Humanitarian Systems, Optimization, Supply Chain Engineering, and Systems Informatics and Control. Faculty/Staff Ph.D. Students Visitors Send A Thank You ISyE's faculty and staff members strive to provide a world-class educational experience for the Stewart School's undergraduate and graduate students, and to forge long-lasting relationships with ISyE alumni and industry partners. If you have benefited from a connection with an ISyE faculty or staff member, feel free to take a moment to send a thank-you note to that person via this web form. News Events Publications You can stay in touch with all things ISyE through our news feed, by reading one of our publications, or attending one of our upcoming events. ISyE employs some of the world’s most experienced researchers in their fields who enjoy sharing their perspectives on a wide variety of topics. Our faculty is world-renowned and our students are intellectually curious. Our alumni can be found around the globe in leadership positions within a wide variety of fields. ISyE Home Telecommuting - Online Teaching Resources Online Student Quick Reference Guide ISyE Home Building Georgia with AI and Manufacturing ISyE and SCL researchers are part of a major $65 million investment into AI manufacturing at Georgia Tech. The initiative is officially structured underneath the umbrella of the Georgia AI Manufacturing (GA-AIM) Technology Corridor. It’s All About Connections for New College Associate Dean Damon P. Williams Starting Sept. 1, Williams will serve as the College of Engineering’s first associate dean for inclusive excellence and chief diversity officer. Georgia Tech Team Wins Solar Decathlon The Georgia Tech student team, "English Avenue Yellow Jackets", which includes ISyE master's student Samantha Morton, is the 2022 Design Challenge Residential Division Grand Winner for the Department of Energy's Solar Decathlon. Study Shows Impact of Hybrid Learning on Covid-19 A new study published in BMC Public Health shows that hybrid learning utilizing alternating school days for children offers a significant reduction in community disease spread. ISyE Maintains Longstanding Top Rankings #1 ranked graduate program for the 32nd consecutive year. #1 ranked undergraduate program for the 28th consecutive year. By The Numbers #1 Undergraduate Program U.S. News & World Report’s America's Best Colleges #1 Graduate Program U.S. News & World Report’s Best Graduate Schools More Facts & Rankings Welcome to the H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering at Georgia Tech The H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISyE) has achieved national and international prominence through its tradition of unparalleled excellence and leadership in research, education, and service. This distinction is due to ISyE's world-class faculty, top-notch students, outstanding curricula, and extensive research focusing on improving quality of life. Employment Opportunites Prospective Students Current Students Alumni Faculty Business & Industry Government & Community The quality and versatility of an industrial engineering degree from Georgia Tech's Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering makes it one of the best engineering degrees available. Working at the intersection of engineering, mathematics, computing, and business, students learn to design the systems behind any number of products and services that touch your life every day. Information Bachelor's Our BSIE degree offers a concentration system that allows students to build depth and breadth. Master's Choose from nine degree options from general to specialty to executive degrees. Doctoral Choose from five degrees that allow students to work across the applied to theoretical spectrum. Resources Why Choose ISyE View Facts and Rankings About Industrial Engineering Profiles & Success Stories ISyE Computing Getting the most out of your education. Take advantage of the myriad ways that ISyE supports you to succeed and make the most of your time at Georgia Tech. Discover Why Information Bachelors Masters Doctoral Resources ISyE Events Academic Calendar Buzzport DegreeWorks Profiles & Success Stories ISyE alumni are making an impact. ISyE alumni are engaged leaders who can be found around the globe in leadership positions within academia, consulting, engineering, financial services, healthcare, law, manufacturing, warehousing, retailing, transportation, and more. Profiles and success stories Information Chair's Message Facts & Rankings Mission & Strategic Plan ISyE History Take Action Partnership Opportunities Attend a Professional Education Course Support ISyE Update Information Collaborative, analytical, engaged, innovative, visionary, renowned. A large, talented, and experienced faculty is ISyE's greatest resource. The faculty's broad range of interest within industrial engineering and operations research produces some of the best teaching and most innovative fields of research in the country. In addition to many distinguished faculty members, ISyE has been particularly successful in attracting senior emerging scholars in our field, with a number of young faculty members having received highly coveted research awards from the NSF. Also, our full-time faculty is augmented each year by visiting scholars who contribute to our intellectual pool, while providing experience from different parts of the world and academic disciplines beyond our own. Resources Directory Research Partnership Opportunities Job Opportunities @ ISyE Leveraging people and knowledge. From relevant research to hiring some of the brightest students, ISyE can meet your company’s needs. ISyE works collaboratively with its business and industry partners to co-create new systems, processes, and knowledge that has tangible results. ISyE produces leaders who are intellectually curious and uniquely able to hit the ground running as they work to produce more efficient and sustainable systems. Discover Why Resources Facts & Rankings Partner with ISyE on Research & Projects Undergraduate Senior Design Master's Capstone Projects Attend a Professional Education Course Support ISyE Laying foundations that help make the world a better place. ISyE builds relationships and knowledge to advance and promote innovation and public service that makes this world a better place. ISyE strives to develop the next generation of enlightened leaders so they can tackle the problems we cannot conceive of today. Discover Why Resources K-12 Involvement Partner with ISyE on Research & Projects Connect with Students Find your next star employee Attend a Professional Education Course Academics We encourage intellectual curiosity and offer a rich academic experience for our students. Bachelors Masters Doctoral Professional Education Partnerships We actively seek external partnerships and offer an array of options to collaborate. More About Partnerships Research We focus on pushing theoretical boundaries and solving the problems of industry and society. More About Research News Muthukumar Lands NSF Career Award for Foundational Machine Learning Research January 26, 2023 Mission Accomplished: An Army Veteran’s Path to Commencement at Georgia Tech December 13, 2022 SCL Welcomes Todd Ullom with MiTek to its Industry Advisory Board December 6, 2022 All News Events Jan 26-27 2023 SCL January 2023 Supply Chain Days ISyE Main Bldg (Jan 26) & Career Fair Plus (Jan 27) Jan 27 2023 ISyE Seminar - Karen Smilowitz ISyE Main 228 Feb 2 2023 ISyE Seminar - Constance Crozier Groseclose 402 All Events Apply Visit Make A Gift Partnerships H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering 755 Ferst Drive, NW, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404.894.2300 Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn YouTube GT footer links 1 Bachelors Industrial Engineering Masters Analytics Computational Science & Engineering Health Systems Industrial Engineering Operations Research Quantitative and Computational Finance Statistics Supply Chain Engineering Doctoral Algorithms, Combinatorics & Optimization Bioinformatics Computational Science & Engineering Industrial Engineering Machine Learning Operations Research GT footer links 2 Student Resources Academic Advisement Academic Calendar Computing Resources Faculty & Staff ISyE Directory Techworks Alumni E-Newsletter How to Make a Gift Partnering with ISyE GT footer links 3 Outreach Executive & Professional Education GT Resources Campus Calendar Campus Visits Offices & Departments News Center Visitor Parking Contact Us Login Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Title IX Ethics Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology