Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Digital Building Lab College of Design Main navigation About Who We Are Academics Our Network Research Data Standards Interoperability Design, Fabrication, and Construction Automation Project Delivery Systems Membership and Industry Programs Eastman Symposium Contact Us Open Search Search The Digital Building Lab The Digital Building Lab Digital technologies are dramatically impacting the building industries, from the tools and processes used to design and build, to the technologies and systems delivered, to the ways people and organizations experience and interact with the built environment. The Digital Building Laboratory (DBL) connects Georgia Tech researchers to professionals in the architecture, engineering, construction, and operations (AECO) industries. We bring practitioners working in the field together with cutting edge research in data science, robotics, 3D visualization, and materials science. Learn about our Lab Russell Gentry Chairs State Advisory Committee Russell Gentry, director of the Digital Building Lab, has been appointed chair of the newly created Sustainable Building Material Technical Advisory Committee. The committee will work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by creating a method for calculating the net carbon held in existing wooden structures. Read the full story Aptitude Becomes Member of the Digital Building Lab Aptitude: Intelligent Integration, a strategic trade partner of JE Dunn, has become a member of Georgia Tech’s Digital Building Lab. As part of their membership, Aptitude will present their work on designing and implementing complex IT systems in buildings in a graduate course called “Building Systems and Data.” Read the full article Our Research Programs Explore Digital Building Lab research in several key areas of industry advancement. Data Standards and Interoperability The next generation of AEC digital workflows are dependent on strong information and data exchange capabilities. Design, Fabrication, Construction Automation Automated processes are key to integrated digital practice and efficiency of building information modeling. Project Delivery Systems The DBL integrates process information and system design to undertake advanced building design and construction. Smart Buildings, Infrastructure, Environments DBL expertise connects physical and digital assets to create intelligent built environments. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in