Skip to main content Loading... Loading... × About Us About Us Contact Us Staff List Our Mission Our Vision Acceptable Use Policy Sections Sections Current Students Prospective Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Former Students Parents and Family Veterans Services Services Services Registration Records Academic Scheduling FERPA EU GDPR Calendars Calendars Academic Calendar Past Academic Calendars Tentative Five-Term Institute Calendar Final Exam Schedules Catalog Forms Blog A to Z Close × Search × Search User login You will be redirected to the secure GT login page. × × × Get the latest Covid-19 health information, operational status updates, and campus guidelines Registrar's Office About Us Contact Us Staff List Our Mission Our Vision Acceptable Use Policy Sections Current Students Prospective Students Faculty and Staff Alumni and Former Students Parents and Family Veterans Services Services Registration Records Academic Scheduling FERPA EU GDPR Calendars Academic Calendar Past Academic Calendars Tentative Five-Term Institute Calendar Final Exam Schedules Catalog Forms Blog A to Z Search Current Students Current Students Serving students is our highest priority. We take seriously our central role in the Institute and our important responsibilities to students. Featured Chosen/Preferred Name Option Quick Links for Current Students Certifications and Verifications Degree Candidates Transcripts Current Students Menu Academic Resources Calendars Curriculum Degree Information Final Exams Forms Grades Information Systems Privacy and Students' Rights Readmission Registration Rules and Regulations Schedule of Classes Transfer Credit Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Veterans' Services Withdrawal and Dropping Courses Current Students Serving students is our highest priority. We take seriously our central role in the Institute and our important responsibilities to students. Featured Chosen/Preferred Name Option Quick Links for Current Students Certifications and Verifications Degree Candidates Transcripts Current Students Menu Academic Resources Calendars Curriculum Degree Information Final Exams Forms Grades Information Systems Privacy and Students' Rights Readmission Registration Rules and Regulations Schedule of Classes Transfer Credit Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Veterans' Services Withdrawal and Dropping Courses Current Students Serving students is our highest priority. We take seriously our central role in the Institute and our important responsibilities to students. Current Students Serving students is our highest priority. We take seriously our central role in the Institute and our important responsibilities to students. Quick Links for Current Students Certifications and Verifications Degree Candidates Transcripts Current Students Menu Academic Resources Calendars Curriculum Degree Information Final Exams Forms Grades Information Systems Privacy and Students' Rights Readmission Registration Rules and Regulations Schedule of Classes Transfer Credit Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Veterans' Services Withdrawal and Dropping Courses For Current Students Current Students For Current Students Set 1 of 3. Academic Resources A curated set of academic support resources and opportunities for current students. Read more </a> Calendars The official dates that define an academic term, including deadlines and holidays. Read more Curriculum About the curricular programs currently offered by the Institute and its academic units. Read more Degree Information Comprehensive information about degree audits, degree verification, awarding degrees, and more. Read more Final Exams The guidelines pertaining to final exams and the details of exam scheduling. Read more Forms A collection of many forms required for Registrar's Office services. Read more Academic Resources A curated set of academic support resources and opportunities for current students. Read more Calendars The official dates that define an academic term, including deadlines and holidays. Read more Curriculum Complete information about the curricular programs currently offered by the Institute. Read more Degree Information Comprehensive information about degree audits, degree verification, awarding degrees, and more. Read more Exams The guidelines pertaining to final exams and the details of exam scheduling. Read more Forms A collection of many forms required for Registrar's Office services. Read more Set 2 of 3. Grades About the grading system, grade changes and substitutions, GPA, academic standing and more. Read more Information Systems Assistance regarding GTID look-up, and access to student portals. Read more Privacy and Students' Rights Learn about FERPA, your rights, and our responsibilities for confidentiality. Read more Readmission Detailed information and guidelines for students returning to the Institute. Read more Registration The Registrar's Office facilitates the registration process and provides assistance. Read more Rules and Regulations The Institute's official rules and regulations are promulgated in the Catalog. Read more Grades About the grading system, grade changes and substitutions, GPA, academic standing and more. Read more Information Systems Assistance regarding GTID look-up, and access to student portals. Read more Privacy and Students' Rights Learn about FERPA, your rights, and our responsibilities for confidentiality. Read more Readmission Detailed information and guidelines for students returning to the Institute. Read more Registration The Registrar's Office facilitates the registration process and provides assistance. Read more Rules and Regulations The Institute's official rules and regulations are promulgated in the Catalog. Read more Set 3 of 3. Schedule of Classes Access the system wherein complete course details are viewable. Read more Transfer Credit Policies and processes by which credit earned elsewhere might apply toward Georgia Tech programs. Read more Tuition Classification The classification of students for tuition purposes is governed by the Board of Regents. Read more Verification of Participation A crucial process whereby faculty report which students have and have not engaged with their courses. Read more Veterans' Services We serve as a liaison between the Department of Veterans Affairs and our students who are veterans. Read more Withdrawal and Dropping Courses Important policies and deadlines regarding course drops and complete withdrawals. Read more Schedule of Classes Access the system wherein complete course details are viewable. Read more Transfer Credit Policies and processes by which credit earned elsewhere might apply toward Georgia Tech programs. Read more Tuition Classification The classification of students for tuition purposes is governed by the Board of Regents. Read more Verification of Participation A crucial process whereby faculty report which students have and have not engaged with their courses. Read more Veterans' Services We serve as a liaison between the Department of Veterans Affairs and our students who are veterans. Read more Withdrawal and Dropping Courses Important policies and deadlines regarding course drops and complete withdrawals. Read more Quick Links for Current Students Certifications and Verifications Various documents that verify academic standing, degrees awarded, enrollment history, and more. Read more Degree Candidates Important information for students nearing the completion of their academic programs. Read more Transcripts Complete information about the ordering of official transcripts and related policies. Read more Certifications and Verifications Various documents that verify academic standing, degrees awarded, enrollment history, and more. Read more Degree Candidates Important information for students nearing the completion of their academic programs. Read more Transcripts Complete information about the ordering of official transcripts and related policies. Read more Audience: Current Students Quick Links for Current Students Certifications and Verifications Degree Candidates Transcripts Current Students Menu Academic Resources Calendars Curriculum Degree Information Final Exams Forms Grades Information Systems Privacy and Students' Rights Readmission Registration Rules and Regulations Schedule of Classes Transfer Credit Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Veterans' Services Withdrawal and Dropping Courses Resources Institute Resources Registrar Highlights Related Links Institute Resources Registrar Highlights Related Links Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Enrollment Services Financial Aid Registrar's Office Stamps President's Scholars Program Student Success Center Technology Services Undergraduate Admissions Helpful Links Commencement Faculty Affairs Graduate Studies Human Resources International Education Office of the Provost Professional Education Student Life Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Enrollment Services Financial Aid Registrar's Office Stamps President's Scholars Program Student Success Center Technology Services Undergraduate Admissions Helpful Links Commencement Faculty Affairs Graduate Studies Human Resources International Education Office of the Provost Professional Education Student Life Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Enrollment Services Financial Aid Registrar's Office Stamps President's Scholars Program Student Success Center Technology Services Undergraduate Admissions Helpful Links Commencement Faculty Affairs Graduate Studies Human Resources International Education Office of the Provost Professional Education Student Life Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Enrollment Services Financial Aid Registrar's Office Stamps President's Scholars Program Student Success Center Technology Services Undergraduate Admissions Helpful Links Commencement Faculty Affairs Graduate Studies Human Resources International Education Office of the Provost Professional Education Student Life Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Recent Blog Posts Effective August 10, 2020, the Registrar’s Office will be open for business in Room 104, Tech Tower 7 Tips for Effective Communication with Tech Support Registrar's Office conducting all business remotely Temporary Downtime for Student Information System, including BuzzPort, OSCAR, and DegreeWorks Creating the next BuzzPort Recently Updated Transient Students Who Wish to Attend Georgia Tech Readmission Form Degree Program Coordinators Readmission Policy Time Ticket Distribution Schedule Popular Items Diplomas GTID Look-Up PIN Reset Transcripts Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Upcoming Events Readmission Application Deadline All Summer Sessions 2023 February 1, 2023 Progress Report Deadline Spring 2023 February 13, 2023 Grade Substitution Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Grade Mode Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Recent Blog Posts Effective August 10, 2020, the Registrar’s Office will be open for business in Room 104, Tech Tower 7 Tips for Effective Communication with Tech Support Registrar's Office conducting all business remotely Temporary Downtime for Student Information System, including BuzzPort, OSCAR, and DegreeWorks Creating the next BuzzPort Recently Updated Transient Students Who Wish to Attend Georgia Tech Readmission Form Degree Program Coordinators Readmission Policy Time Ticket Distribution Schedule Popular Items Diplomas GTID Look-Up PIN Reset Transcripts Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Upcoming Events Readmission Application Deadline All Summer Sessions 2023 February 1, 2023 Progress Report Deadline Spring 2023 February 13, 2023 Grade Substitution Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Grade Mode Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Recent Blog Posts Effective August 10, 2020, the Registrar’s Office will be open for business in Room 104, Tech Tower 7 Tips for Effective Communication with Tech Support Registrar's Office conducting all business remotely Temporary Downtime for Student Information System, including BuzzPort, OSCAR, and DegreeWorks Creating the next BuzzPort Recently Updated Transient Students Who Wish to Attend Georgia Tech Readmission Form Degree Program Coordinators Readmission Policy Time Ticket Distribution Schedule Popular Items Diplomas GTID Look-Up PIN Reset Transcripts Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Upcoming Events Readmission Application Deadline All Summer Sessions 2023 February 1, 2023 Progress Report Deadline Spring 2023 February 13, 2023 Grade Substitution Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Grade Mode Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Recent Blog Posts Effective August 10, 2020, the Registrar’s Office will be open for business in Room 104, Tech Tower 7 Tips for Effective Communication with Tech Support Registrar's Office conducting all business remotely Temporary Downtime for Student Information System, including BuzzPort, OSCAR, and DegreeWorks Creating the next BuzzPort Recently Updated Transient Students Who Wish to Attend Georgia Tech Readmission Form Degree Program Coordinators Readmission Policy Time Ticket Distribution Schedule Popular Items Diplomas GTID Look-Up PIN Reset Transcripts Tuition Classification Verification of Participation Upcoming Events Readmission Application Deadline All Summer Sessions 2023 February 1, 2023 Progress Report Deadline Spring 2023 February 13, 2023 Grade Substitution Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Grade Mode Deadline Spring 2023 March 15, 2023 Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Policy Library The Policy Library houses all Institute-level policies. Catalog The Catalog is the official source for academic policies and degree requirements. Institute Curriculum Committees The Institute Curriculum Committees are responsible for the curriculum governance process. Transfer Credit Evaluation The Transfer Credit Evaluation site facilitates the evaluation of courses from other institutions and the articulation of equivalencies. Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Policy Library The Policy Library houses all Institute-level policies. Catalog The Catalog is the official source for academic policies and degree requirements. Institute Curriculum Committees The Institute Curriculum Committees are responsible for the curriculum governance process. Transfer Credit Evaluation The Transfer Credit Evaluation site facilitates the evaluation of courses from other institutions and the articulation of equivalencies. Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Policy Library The Policy Library houses all Institute-level policies. Catalog The Catalog is the official source for academic policies and degree requirements. Institute Curriculum Committees The Institute Curriculum Committees are responsible for the curriculum governance process. Transfer Credit Evaluation The Transfer Credit Evaluation site facilitates the evaluation of courses from other institutions and the articulation of equivalencies. Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Policy Library The Policy Library houses all Institute-level policies. Catalog The Catalog is the official source for academic policies and degree requirements. Institute Curriculum Committees The Institute Curriculum Committees are responsible for the curriculum governance process. Transfer Credit Evaluation The Transfer Credit Evaluation site facilitates the evaluation of courses from other institutions and the articulation of equivalencies. Campus Location Administration Building, "Tech Tower" 225 North Avenue First Floor Mailing Address Georgia Institute of Technology Registrar's Office Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0315 Contact Information comments@registrar.gatech.edu 404-894-4150 | office 404-894-0167 | fax Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login