Georgia Institute of Technology Software Distribution Menu Close Home Download Software Georgia Tech Home Map Directory Offices The Office of Information Technology has made agreements with various software distributors in order to supply the campus with their software needs. To use this web site, you must meet the following requirements: You must be a current Georgia Tech student, faculty, or staff. (All software must be uninstalled when you leave.) You must have access to active GT-VPN or the GT Network You must have an active GT Account Some packages include large files (files larger than 2GB). To download these files, you will need a browser that handles them correctly. If all of these requirements have been met, please click the Download Software link to continue. Software Licensing Information Microsoft Product Support Lifecycle From this site, you can search on specific Microsoft software titles to see the full product lifecycle and specific levels of support; Lifecycle State Date, Mainstream Support End Date, Extended Support End Date, and Service Pack Support End Date. Other Places to Get Software College of Design The College of Design offers AutoDesk and ArchiCAD software for students OnTheHub/E-Academy Software Productivity Software Packages for students at educational prices. ECE The College of Electrical and Computer Engineering provides Advanced Design System, Ansoft, Cadence and many other packages. Software Resources & Services Software for Georgia Tech owned computers at academic discounts. Now offers discounted software (Adobe products, Microsoft Office, etc) for personal purchases as well. Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © 2015 Georgia Institute of Technology