Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation LGBTQIA Resource Center Main navigation Home About Connect With Us Guiding Principles Staff The Center Volunteer & Leadership Opportunities Allyship Trainings Custom Trainings & Presentations Greek Allies Level Up Safe Space Safe Space: Peer Education Trans 101 Programs Dialogue & Discussion Spaces Ace Space: For Aces & Aros Q Chats Queer Coffeehouse Rising Up T+ LGBTQIA Health & Well-Being Workshop Series Coming Out Week Out at Work Reading Rainbows Pride Peers Signature Events Lavender Celebration LGBTQIA Family Reunion Trans Day of Remembrance LGBTQIA History Month Community Employees First-Year & Transfer Students Georgia Tech Alumni Graduate Parents & Families Prospective Students Undergraduate Resources Allyship Resources Campus Partners Coming Out Financial Health & Well-Being Immigrant & Undocumented LGBTQIA Student Emergency Fund LGBTQIA Study Abroad Workshops Policies & Practices QTPoC Self-Care Transgender GT: Utility Links Connect with Us Give to the Center Open Search Search Search Home The LGBTQIA Resource Center at Georgia Tech coordinates a range of programs and events throughout the year aimed at educating faculty, students, and staff about LGBTQIA issues, providing safe spaces for LGBTQIA students to build community and explore their identities, and facilitating conversations about LGBTQIA diversity, equity, and inclusion. Meet with Us Meetings can be scheduled virtually or in-person. Virtual meetings can occur any day of the week. Fall Hours Meetings with Tegra, Director Tegra (they) will be available for meetings 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m., Monday - Friday. Please make a note if you would like to meet in-person or virtually. Meeting with William, Coordinator William (he) will be available for meetings 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m., Monday - Friday. Please make a note if you would like to meet in-person or virtually. Schedule Appointment with Staff Trainings & Programs The Center offers different resources to support the Georgia Tech LGBTQIA community. Some of these are: Allyship Trainings Greek Allies Level Up Safe Space / Peer Education Trans 101 Programs Dialogue & Discussion Spaces - Ace Space, Q Chats, Queer Coffeehouse, Rising Up, T+ Health & Well-Being Workshops Out Week & Out at Work Reading Rainbows Get Help Now! If you're an LGBTQIA student experiencing a crisis or if you are seeking help and support due to health concerns, sexual assault or issues related to your identity there are resources available for you here at Tech, including 24/7. If experiencing a life-threatening emergency call 911 or, if on campus, call the Georgia Tech Campus Police at (404) 894-2500. If experiencing a crisis that requires immediate attention you may speak with the Counselor On-Call at any time. Established Counseling Center clients call (404) 894-2575, If not call (404) 894-3498. After hours call (404) 894-3498 or (404) 894-2575. Suicide & Crisis Lifeline - Dial 988. For more information visit their website. National Suicide Prevention Lifeline - 1-800-273-TALK (8255) Crisis & Immediate Help Resources This group is for LGBTQIA undergraduate and graduate students who are committed to developing resilience skills in order to improve their mental health and acquire tools to help them overcome challenges. If you struggle to challenge negative messages, handle stress, or maintain healthy habits and routines when faced with difficult situations, this is the group for you. This group is not intended to be or to replace group therapy. It can be a useful complement to therapy and it also stands alone as a resource for anyone who wants to learn crucial resilience skills. This cohort will meet weekly on Thursdays from 4 - 5 p.m. beginning January 27. The last session will be Thursday, April 21. If you have any questions, please contact William Britto. Sign Up Here! Subscribe to Our Newsletter The LGBTQIA Resource Center sends out a bi-weekly newsletter with information about all of our upcoming events, trainings, and workshops, as well as community announcements about opportunities for LGBTQIA employees and students. We won't spam you and we won't share your information with any third party. Subscribe COVID-19 The LGBTQIA Resource Center believes health is a top priority for all that visit and engage with our center. As more of the campus moves back to in-person spaces, Stamps Health Services has provided information on what an individual should do should they test positive for COVID-19 or if they are sick and test negative for COVID-19. Stay healthy! COVID Quarantine Info Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN