https://gatech.studentadvisor.ai/virtualadvisor Welcome! | Financial Aid Your browser does not support JavaScript! Menu Office of Scholarships & Financial Aid Home Costs Cost of Attendance Cost of Attendance Undergraduate Graduate Cost Adjustments Net Price Calculator Return on Investment Types of Aid Undergraduate Aid Scholarships Grants Federal Work Study Loans Graduate Aid Apply for Aid Incoming Undergraduates Fall First-Year Students Summer First-Year Students Transfer Students International Students Transient Students Returning Undergraduates Fall and Spring Students Summer Students Graduate Students Graduate Students Award Process Award Process How Aid is Determined Verification Notification of Aid Notification of Aid Understanding Your Award Letter Accept/Decline Your Award Finalize Your Award Finalize Your Loans Receive Your Aid Manage Aid Maintaining Eligibility for Aid Maintaining Eligibility for Aid Enrollment Requirements Satisfactory Academic Progress Reapply for Aid Appeal Procedures Work Study Employer Information Student Information Consumer Information & Policies Consumer Information & Policies Tax Information After You Graduate Check Status Contact Us Previous Next The mission of the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid (OSFA) is to assist students and families in the application for and receipt of financial resources to help them meet the educational expenses to attend Georgia Tech. We strive to provide excellent service to our applicants and recipients; administer funds and programs effectively and efficiently and in compliance with all regulations, rules, policies and procedures; exercise good stewardship of all funds entrusted to us; and serve as an advocate for the strategic financial support for students. Financial Aid Priority Deadline is January 31 Financial aid Applications for the 2023-24 academic year are available. All applicants, including HOPE & Zell Miller recipients, must reapply for aid each year to maintain eligibility for aid. Failure to apply may result in a loss of financial aid for the upcoming and subsequent years. Steps for Incoming Students Steps for Returning Students Learn About Financial Aid To help simplify the financial aid process for you, we provide a variety of resources and information to help you learn about different options for financing your Georgia Tech education. Cost of Attendance Review Georgia Tech's estimated cost of attendance for the upcoming year and tuition costs for the current and previous academic years. Review Costs Explore Aid Options From scholarships and grants to loans and federal work study, learn about the different types of financial aid that are available to help cover your educational costs. Undergraduate Aid Graduate Aid Apply for Financial Aid Learn about the different aid applications and review important deadlines and requirements. Incoming Undergraduates Returning Undergraduates Graduate Students Check Your Application Status Already applied for financial aid? You can check your application status and view your aid awards in OSCAR. Read instructions on how to use the system. Review Instructions Contact Our Office In order to provide the best customer service to students, we offer our services in a variety of virtual, online formats. Learn about the various ways you can get in touch with our office. When contacting us via email, it is critical to include your GTID# on all correspondence to ensure a timely response. Contact OSFA Contact Us Directory Offices Campus Map Support/Give Download Adobe Acrobat Reader Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Human Trafficking Notice Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment ©2021 Georgia Institute of Technology