Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Digital Building Lab College of Design Main navigation About Who We Are Academics Our Network Research Data Standards Interoperability Design, Fabrication, and Construction Automation Project Delivery Systems Membership and Industry Programs Eastman Symposium Contact Us Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Project Delivery Systems Project Delivery Systems Today’s advanced construction projects are being delivered through integrated strategies that bring together systems for information organization, component design, and assembly; and connected information tools, methods, and data sources. The DBL provides research and implementation that integrates numerous aspects of process information and system design to undertake advanced ways of building design and construction. Project Delivery Systems takes on both general industrywide topics as well as specific members’ project needs through an integrated system development approach. Process Engineering The successful implementation of new project delivery systems requires a deep understanding of both current industry practices and their potential for change. This research analyzes existing industry processes, and establishes the requirements for transforming these processes in light of changing technologies. Data Modeling Project systems are successful when practice organization, work organization, and data structures are aligned. Data models, standards, and interoperability mechanisms are key components of supporting re-engineered delivery. Integrated Data Systems AEC professions are at the beginning of a revolution driven by cloud data, coupled with connected web, mobile, and embedded technologies, and accessed through Web 2.0 collaboration tools. The DBL drives thought leadership in the technology integration and practices required to move AEC projects to more connected ways of working. Connected Tools and Devices Modeling and analysis tools, data analytics, sensors, and intelligent machinery are increasingly connecting directly into the networked data environments on integrated projects. Providing compelling ways that emerging technologies can integrate into connected systems is part of the project delivery system approach. Research projects bring together professional firms with specific project or enterprise workflow needs with one or more technology partners offering web services integrated technologies. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in