Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Research Main navigation About What We Do Research Enterprise Strategic Initiatives Research Next Colleges & Schools Who We Are Leadership Organization Team Directory Research Report Careers Contact Us Our Research Commercialization Corporate Engagement Economic Impact Georgia Tech Research Institute Interdisciplinary Research National Laboratories News and Events News Events Newsletters Research Podcasts Resources For Industry Commercialization Corporate Engagement Economic Development For Researchers Researcher Resources Research Development Protecting Your Research For Students Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Find a Mentor Apply to Georgia Tech Open Search Search Search Your Browser doesnt support Video playback. test Georgia Tech Research Georgia Tech Research Georgia Tech is shaping the future of basic and applied research by pursuing inventive solutions to the world’s most pressing problems. Our exceptional community of academic faculty, researchers, staff, and students innovate at the intersection of disciplines to further new frontiers in science and technology. Teams from all six Georgia Tech colleges, 10 interdisciplinary research institutes, the Georgia Tech Research Institute, Enterprise Innovation Institute, and hundreds of research labs and centers, work side by side to transform ideas into tangible results for our partners in federal and state agencies, companies, and private organizations. </div> Latest Research News More to E. coli Than Meets the Eye: BME Lab Discovers Evidence of Multicellularity in Single Cell Organ… The Nobel Whisperer: M.G. Finn on Click Chemistry and Collaboration Ecolabels, Innovation, and Green Market Transformation: Learning to LEED Investing in better futures for all through higher ed research An increase in federal and state funding helped Georgia Tech further expand its research and development efforts and support its commitment to innovation and the development of leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. Learn More Georgia Tech Research by the Numbers $1.3 Billion in research and other sponsored awards in FY22 $4 Billion in economic impact on the state of Georgia in FY22 $832 Million in research awards received by GTRI in FY22 Faces of Research Meet Georgia Tech researchers who are pushing the boundaries of science and technology to improve the human condition. Discover their fields of expertise and how their research has impacted the world. Meet our Researchers Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Accessibility Download PDF Reader Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN