Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Global Main navigation Home About Welcome Organizational Chart Global Engagement Global Positioning Strategy Guiding Principles for International Initiatives Guide for Responsible International Activities Managing Foreign Influence Locations Global Presence Resources Faculty Students Corporate Partnerships Alumni and Giving Georgia Tech Fact Book External Review New Initiatives User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search International Initiatives Global engagement is essential to Georgia Tech's aspirations to define the technological research university of the 21st century. Over 2,000 students participate annually in more than 90 programs abroad. Georgia Tech has programs and agreements in 250 destinations in over 60 countries, along with research collaborations and alumni all over the world. Important News and Critical Announcements Home "Georgia Tech's Progress and Service motto reflects our drive to use our technological expertise to improve the human condition, not only in Georgia and in the United States, but also across the globe. In addition to broad and robust technological training, we will instill values that prepare our students to become tomorrow’s leaders — with the conviction, social courage, and intercultural sensitivity to collaborate across geopolitical, cultural, and linguistic boundaries as they design solutions for the challenges of the 21st century." -- From the Global Positioning Strategy Global Positioning Strategy The Office of the Vice Provost for International Initiatives supports the Institute's global ambitions by defining a vision, strategy, and core principles of global engagement. View Global Positioning Strategy Locations Georgia Tech's global footprint includes our campuses in Lorraine (France) and Shenzhen (China), as well as research centers in Asia and Latin America. View our Locations For Faculty Georgia Tech's strong commitment to international activities and partnerships is led by the faculty. Resources for GT Faculty For Students Georgia Tech's international activities are empowering students to provide solutions to global challenges. Student opportunities For Corporate Partnerships Corporate partners can share enriching experiences, activities and opportunities with our global network of students, alumni, and faculty. Our Corporate Partnerships For Alumni and Giving The Office of International Development, in partnership with the Georgia Tech Alumni Association, coordinate outreach events and alumni celebrations around the world. Alumni and giving information Office of the Vice Provost for International Initiatives Georgia Institute of Technology A. French Building 237 Uncle Heinie Way Atlanta, GA 30332-0740 USA 404.894.7477 Office of the Vice Provost for International Initiatives Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN