Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Affiliates Breadcrumb Home Affiliate is an official Georgia Tech status granted by host departments to guests of the Institute or members of an affiliated organization. Affiliates must be participating in activities that support our Institute’s mission and require access to our campus facilities and/or our internal information technology systems. Affiliates are not paid on Georgia Tech payroll but are added to the Institute’s OneUSG Connect database. There is no generic affiliate job code. Instead, there are six distinct types of affiliates: Business Partners/Contractors Georgia Tech Entities and Affiliated Organizations Instruction/Counseling Short-term Research/Access (less than 6 months) Long-term Research/Collaboration Former Paid Employees – no longer on campus For job codes, definitions, examples, term lengths, and requirements for each type of affiliate, please review the Affiliate Categories chart. View Affiliate Categories Chart Note: Postdoctoral Scholars with external award funding (fellowships and training grants from U.S. federal or private agencies) are no longer in job code 995XA7; instead use 918BOO. Use of this code requires review/approval by Research Faculty Affairs. Review Postdoctoral Appointment policy here. Process to Add an Affiliate The hosting Georgia Tech department must offer and initiate Affiliate status. The ASC Direct Hire eRequest form is used to begin the process to add a new Affiliate. All affiliates must have a Georgia Tech employee supervisor/host and a defined term length. Most affiliates require a background check. New affiliates will be emailed links to, and must complete, an electronic Affiliate Onboarding Packet. Process to Renew or Complete an Affiliate Assignment A Manager Self Service (MSS) fluid form is used to renew (reactivate affiliation or extend the end date) or complete (terminate before the originally requested end date) an Affiliate instance. Access to the “Affiliate Compete or Renew” form, is from the MSS landing page; select the “My Forms” tile and click “Fill out a new form”. Detailed information about renewing or completing an Affiliate assignment is available in pages seven thru nine of the Action Reason User Guide, found here. Please note: if the renewal requires an updated background check, the screening should be completed before the Affiliate assignment is renewed. To initiate a background check, submit a Background Request Screening Form. Additional Resources For additional information, visit ASC Portal at gatech.service-now.com/asc. Buzzcard After onboarding is complete and a Georgia Tech account is setup, the Affiliate will need their GTID number and proper identification in order to obtain their $30 Affiliate BuzzCard from the BuzzCard Center in Tech Square. (Note: Postdoctoral Scholar Affiliates will be issued a "Faculty/Staff" BuzzCard.) Visit asc.gatech.edu to access knowledge materials, submit requests, and report incidents directly. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education