Skip to main content Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid Menu Home Subjects Browse By Subject Area Business Computing Defense Technologies Digital Media Engineering Exam Prep K-12 Programs Languages Management Manufacturing Mathematics Occupational Safety & Health Personal Development Supply Chain & Logistics Programs All Program Offerings Courses Degrees Graduate Certificates Professional Certificates Boot Camps Savannah Campus Workplace Learning & Professional Development Partner With Us Corporate Education Train at Your Location Featured FinTechU Georgia Tech Summer K-12 Programs Military Programs ESL (English as a Second Language) Georgia Film Academy Georgia Tech Online All Online Offerings Online Courses Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) Savannah Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events In-Person Meetings Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conference Management Blog Georgia Tech Main Site Give Directory Sign in My Cart Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Email YouTube Search Select Search Category Everything Courses & Programs Degree Programs Articles & News GTPE Website Search this site Home icon_chevron GLC Events Global Learning Center Virtual, hybrid, and in-person meetings, conferences, and trainings GLC Events Virtual & Hybrid Events In-Person Events Meeting Package Dining Options Food Breaks Meeting Spaces A/V and Technology Attendee Guide Accommodations Directions to GLC Parking and Transportation Request a Proposal Meetings and Events Made Easy The Georgia Tech Global Learning Center (GLC) is designed, staffed, and equipped for professional, learning-focused events. From planning to execution, the GLC is a one-stop shop for all your needs whether holding a livestream event for hundreds or an in-person seminar for 30. We offer a centrally located venue, built-in technology, continuous food breaks, and friendly support staff to ensure your event is successful every step of the way. And you don't have to break your budget. We offer all-inclusive meeting packages with everything you need: Virtual and hybrid event planning and facilitation Safety and sanitization procedures as recommended by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and the Georgia Department of Public Health (GDPH) 32,000 square feet of flexible meeting space 5 tiered amphitheaters, 15 meeting and conference rooms, and dedicated computer labs Built-in technology with Wi-Fi Continuous refreshment service Event and technical support from start to finish Health & Safety Protocols At Georgia Tech Professional Education we are committed to providing a safe environment for professional learning and events. Complete details on all of Georgia Tech’s Covid-19 related policies and guidelines can be found at https://health.gatech.edu/coronavirus. View Health and Safety Guidelines Plan Your Next Event Virtual and Hybrid Events Our virtual and hybrid event services allow you to transition your in-person event to a digital format, while receiving expert technical virtual event planning and facilitation. Learn more In-Person Events The GLC has purpose-built space to fit any meeting type and features spacious rooms with customizable setups along with expert event strategy and support. Learn More I keep going back to the GLC because the experience is always a positive one. The staff are consistently professional and accommodating. - Gregg S. Lauer, CMP Sr. Director, Event Management, Equifax Inc. Attend A Meeting Our convenient setting offers a pedestrian-friendly environment and easy access to restaurants, hotels, shops, and some of the city's top attractions. We are in proximity to two MARTA transit stations, both within walking distance or accessible via a short ride on the free Tech Trolley shuttle. Our business concierge will be happy to help you secure dinner reservations, get tickets and directions to local attractions, or answer any questions about the area. Read More Where We're Located Finding us is easy. We're located in Midtown Atlanta at the intersection of 5th and Spring Streets in the heart of Tech Square - Atlanta's thriving innovation community. We are easily accessible from Interstates 75/85 and just 15 miles from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport. Attached to the Center is The Tech Square parking deck that offers convenient hourly and daily rates. Get Directions About the GLC Policies and Procedures Alcohol and Catering The GLC holds a state license to purchase and serve alcohol. Outside alcohol is strictly prohibited. All catered events held at the GLC must use a Georgia Tech-approved vendor. The GLC strongly suggests using their preferred caterer. Should you choose not to use the preferred caterer, you may select from an additional listing of Georgia Tech-approved vendors for food and beverage service (continuous food breaks and alcohol are excluded). An administrative service charge of $500.00 will be applied to your final bill. Download a list of approved caterers. Animals All individuals are generally prohibited from bringing animals into the GLC. However, service animals are permitted to accompany people with disabilities and must be registered in advance with the GLC or with GTPE. Entertainment Music or performances are subject to approval based on building occupancy and noise level. Hours of Use Facility hours are 7 a.m. - 5 p.m., Monday through Friday. Exterior doors lock externally at 5 p.m. and internal doors accessing the Georgia Tech Hotel lock internally and externally at 5:30 p.m. Daytime event clients will be granted a 30 minute grace period in their contracted meeting rooms to exit the building at the conclusion of their scheduled event. Extended access to the facility prior to 7 a.m. or after 5:30 p.m. can be offered if space is available and will be billed at $500.00 per hour, in one-hour increments. Signage and Decorations To preserve our facilities, the use of glue, tape, tacks, nails, staples, confetti, glitter, or similar products are prohibited. A cleaning fee will be added to the final bill if these items are used. Open flames of any kind (e.g. candles, open burners, etc.) are prohibited. Nothing may be affixed to any wall surface, glass, equipment, or flooring. All posters and signs must be mounted on an easel. The client is responsible for any damage caused by their attendees or contracted vendors/exhibitors. Event-related banners may be hung with approval from GLC staff. Approved banners must be received at least three (3) business days before the scheduled event. Set Up The room is available to you and your guests only for the time specified in your contract. Room setup requests must be submitted to the GLC staff at the time of your booking. Changes to the room set up submitted within 24 hours of your scheduled event may incur an additional fee and are not guaranteed. All exit doors, hallways, and aisles must be kept clear and unobstructed. All exhibitor tables and trade shows shall be set up as indicated on the pre-approved floor plan. Exhibitors are responsible for the correction of any fire code violations found by the GLC staff. Failure to comply will result in a fine assessed on the final invoice. Directional and exit signs must be visible from all areas. Fire protection and emergency equipment must be accessible. Fire extinguishers, pull stations, and emergency strobe lights may not be hidden or obstructed. Smoking & Tobacco Georgia Tech is a tobacco-free and smoke-free campus. The use of cigarettes, cigars, pipes, all forms of smokeless tobacco, and any other smoking devices that use tobacco are strictly prohibited. There are no designated smoking areas on campus. Shipping and Storage The GLC cannot accommodate storage of large quantities of event materials. Event materials may arrive one (1) business day before the start of your event. All deliveries are subject to approval and the GLC reserves the right to refuse any delivery. All equipment deliveries must follow the following guidelines: Standard loading dock with doc levelers available. (We do not have pallet jacks or other heavy-duty material to handle equipment.) Inside delivery must be specified on delivery documents (or your personnel must handle delivery). There is a maximum weight limit of 3,500 lbs on the service elevator. All deliveries can be no larger than the following dimensions: 4 feet wide by 7 feet tall on service elevator doors. The maximum corridor door clearance is 39 inches on floors 1 and 2. It is the customer’s responsibility to make sure that their product does not damage the floor when it is moved in or out of the facility. Fees (if applicable) will be applied to the final bill. If your equipment is near the maximum dimensions, please call your event manager to discuss exact dimensions. Green Initiatives Overview At Georgia Tech, being sustainable means much more than simply being “green.” We strive to be leaders in making our community healthier and more productive while reducing stress on the environment. Built to LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) standards, the GLC features and offers services that reflect our strong commitment to sustainability. Air & Climate We make every effort to reduce the number of indoor air contaminants that are odorous, potentially irritating, and harmful to the comfort and well-being of our guests. Here at the GLC, we use: Chemical-free cleaners Low-emitting interior paints, sealants, and adhesives Highly efficient air filtration systems Non-urea/formaldehyde materials in wood furniture and doors Green-label carpeting Energy From high-efficient and low emission-rated light bulbs to motion sensor lights in our rooms and a highly reflective white roof, we are focused on minimizing energy use. Our facility is 16% more energy-efficient than the national standard, based on ASHRAE (American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers) estimates. Transportation Our pedestrian-friendly setting in the heart of Midtown Atlanta’s Tech Square makes it easy for you to walk to restaurants, hotels, and entertainment. We are in proximity to two MARTA transit stations, both within walking distance or accessible via a short ride on the free Tech Trolley shuttle. Waste Recycling is an essential component of sustainable operations at the GLC and is an area in which everyone is encouraged to contribute. In addition to recycling bins throughout the facility, we also offer filtered water dispensers, removing the need for plastic bottles. We’ve also implemented methods to help reduce waste in our local and global communities through the use of biodegradable cups made from corn and flooring sections made from recycled tires. Water Our water-efficient drip irrigation system and drought-resistant native plants reduce watering requirements by 50%. We also use water-efficient fixtures that use only 25-50% of the water consumed by standard bathroom fixtures. FAQ How close are you to the Georgia Tech campus? We are located across the Fifth Street Pedestrian Plaza Bridge, within walking distance to the center of campus. How far are you from Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport? We are approximately 15 miles north of the airport, located off of Interstate 75/85 North. Please click for detailed driving directions and transit options. Is there parking near the facility? Yes. The Tech Square parking deck, attached to the GLC, is accessible from Spring Street. Hourly rates range from $1.50 for less than an hour to $15 per day. Our parking garage address is 770 Spring St. NW, Atlanta, GA 30308-1031. Are you handicapped accessible? Yes. All Georgia Tech public facilities, including the GLC, are ADA-approved. What are your service fees and taxes? In general, there is a 21% service fee for receptions and applicable sales tax that will be applied directly to your contact. For fees and services pertinent to your specific event, please contact your sales manager directly. Do you provide video conferencing and video/audio capture? Yes. Our facilities are specifically equipped to handle video conferencing/recording needs. Please contact one of our sales managers for the full scope of our technical abilities. Do you provide Wi-Fi? Yes. Wi-Fi is provided throughout the building. What is Tech Square? Located in Midtown, Atlanta, Tech Square is a 1.4 million-square-foot bike-friendly, urban mixed-use development encompassing education, research, hospitality, office, retail, and residential areas. It is a destination for startup firms, incubators, established technology firms, major corporate offices, corporate innovation centers, venture capital investors, and business service providers. It is also home to Georgia Tech Professional Education and the GLC. Find more details here. When can I set up for my meeting? Meeting set up is open Monday through Thursday from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. For setup times outside of business hours, please contact your sales manager. What food items are included in the continuous food break? We supply a variety of continental foods including pastries, coffee, juice, fruit, chips, and more. We can also personalize your break options (additional fees may apply). For more details on our food breaks, please click here. Can I bring in outside food and beverage to my meeting? Yes. You may select a caterer from our pre-approved list. If a caterer is chosen from this list, there will be an administrative service charge of $500.00 for use. Download a list of approved caterers. Can alcohol be served at my event? Yes. We hold a state license to purchase and serve alcohol. Outside alcohol is prohibited. What are some nearby attractions and restaurants? Our central and convenient location offers easy to access to restaurants, shops, and some of the city's top attractions. Click here to learn more about the area. Do you provide overnight guest rooms? We do not provide overnight rooms. However, accommodations can be made at the Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center, adjacent to us. Additional hotels can be found within walking distance. Get more information on accommodations. Who can hold meetings? We are open for use by large and small businesses, associations, and Georgia Tech campus departments. Do you host social events such as weddings, birthdays, or retirement parties? We are designed for business, educational, and networking functions and do not accommodate weddings, birthdays, and other social events. Where can I buy Georgia Tech merchandise? Georgia Tech merchandise can be purchased at the Georgia Tech Bookstore, which is within walking distance from us. Request For Proposal Let us help plan your next event, meeting, training, or conference today! Contact Us Resources Programs Browse by Subject Courses Certificates Degrees Military Programs ESL Georgia Tech Online Train at Your Location Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conferences About Us Executive Leadership Leadership Searches Impact Reports Savannah Campus The Language Institute Accreditation Contact Us FAQs Visit Us Georgia Tech Global Learning Center 84 5th St NW Atlanta GA 30308 USA Get Directions Phone: 404-385-3500 Emergency Information Legal and Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability GTPE EU GDPR Privacy Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Report Website Issue Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology