Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search A&F Strategic Plan In August 2020, Administration and Finance (A&F) launched its strategic planning process. The division-level strategic plan clarifies A&F's contribution to the Institute goals and describes our priorities for the next 5 years. Our plan will clearly articulate A&F's unique contribution to the new Georgia Tech strategic plan and include a detailed implementation plan that describes how each unit will contribute. The A&F Strategic Plan will also become an integral part of the budgeting process for the next fiscal year as well as shape the performance goals for A&F employees in the next calendar year. For FY21 and FY22, A&F will focus on programs and initiatives that support how we amplify impact, lead by example, and cultivate well-being. Mission Statement Administration and Finance brings together people, practices, resources, and technology to provide high-quality, inclusive, innovative experiences and develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. Vision Statement We will be valued partners and innovative problem-solvers committed to providing exceptional service and creating a sustainable and supportive environment where every member of the Georgia Tech community can thrive. Amplify Impact Goal 1: Students - Enable transformative learning experiences to help students grow as creative, ethical, globally aware, and technologically sophisticated leaders. Objective 1: Collaborate and partner with the campus community to effectively pilot and translate learning opportunities into real-world applications. Objective 2: Explore and pilot ways to provide more access to, and creative use of, existing and emerging resources including campus space and institutional data. Goal 2: Institute - Support the Institute in generating talent and solutions to help define and address the most critical problems locally and globally. Objective 1: Be the nation's leading source of sought-after talent in technology-related fields at all career stages. Objective 2: Be an anchor institution, partner, and catalyst of sustainable development in our city and our state. Lead by Example Goal 3: Sustainability - Support and champion Georgia Tech as an anchor institution and minimize harmful impacts and maximize behaviors in support of a sustainable future by applying a triple bottom line approach (people, planet, profit) to our decisions. Objective 1: Demonstrate our commitment to sustainability in the development and management of our campus. Objective 2: Develop a plan alongside our research and instructional partners that will enable our campus and operations to be leveraged as a living learning lab (L3) environment that engages students, faculty, and staff to support a sustainable future. Goal 4: Exceptional Service - Develop a shared understanding of our future by anticipating customer needs, soliciting feedback, and implementing continuous improvement with a focus on evaluating and intentionally eliminating ongoing projects, activities, and services that do not align with strategic priorities. Objective 1: Be a model of excellence through continuous improvement, deliberate innovation, and best practices in all services, systems, and practices. Objective 2: Be a leader in leveraging data analytic tools and processes to inform decision-making, and be an example in the protection, management, and governance of data. Goal 5: Ethics, Diversity, Equity, Inclusion - Positively improve the human condition through ethical, diverse, equitable, and inclusive behaviors and practices. Objective 1: Through education, create a culture that is ethical, diverse, equitable, and inclusive. Objective 2: Continually assess diversity and equity within all A&F staff positions and realign as needed. Goal 6: Workforce - Provide growth opportunities and build career pathways for staff to develop and advance. Objective 1: Develop a world-class workforce committed to enhancing employee skills and providing a diverse, equitable, and inclusive environment. Cultivate Well-Being Goal 7: Environment - Create and sustain a thriving community for learning, service, wellness, and safety. Objective 1: Unite all units of A&F to co-create a thriving culture at Georgia Tech. Goal 8: Engagement - Cultivate well-being and inspire opportunities for active engagement within our campus community. Objective 1: Implement effective programs, services, continuing education, and resources that provide opportunities for holistic well-being. Goal 9: Experience - Foster connectivity by delivering excellent experiences through a “people-first” model. Objective 1: Exceed customer expectations for products, services, and experiences within A&F. Expand Access Goal 10: Community Building - Partner across the Institute to expand support for research and professional opportunities for our future students. Objective 1: Help to create an environment where students from disadvantaged communities can succeed (e.g., hiring federal work-study students). Objective 2: Conduct intentional outreach to metro Atlanta schools to offer opportunities to local secondary school students. Goal 11: Eliminate Barriers - Enable physical space and technology to eliminate environmental barriers, so all community members can equally engage in services and experiences. Objective 1: Collaborate with A&F department leaders to strengthen communication and eliminate barriers related to silos. Connect Globally Goal 12: Global Services - Grow A&F’s capacity as an Institute enterprise to deliver consistent services and experiences globally. Objective 1: Determine/understand and align strategy and standards for Institute management across the global enterprise. Objective 2: Enhance the accessible digital platform and technology experience for learning and working. Objective 3: Define business and hiring models to support a flexible, international workforce. Goal 13: Global Influences - Learn and incorporate global perspectives through action while being recognized as a global resource in higher education. Objective 1: Increase communication, engagement, and awareness of global culture and connectedness of Georgia Tech and A&F. Objective 2: Demonstrate and promote “global-to-local" industry leadership within the University System of Georgia, Georgia, metro Atlanta region, other higher education organizations, and other peer entities. Objective 3: Demonstrate through action and decision-making the highest and best global standards for sustainability (United Nation’s Sustainable Development Goals, Paris Climate Accord, etc.). Goal 14: Global Partnerships - Create and foster internal and external networks to establish a global collaborative culture within A&F. Objective 1: Expand internal partnerships to support services and enhance experiences for the international community. Objective 2: Be a hub of a global learning and an innovation network through global partnerships, alumni engagement, lifelong learning, and research collaborations. Champion Innovation Goal 15: Model Innovation - Model innovation, inclusion, and entrepreneurship, and collaborate actively across the Institute by including diverse thoughts and experiences. Objective 1: Proactively test alternative methods and pivot quickly where necessary. Objective 2: Build a team committed to building anticipatory processes designed to solve customer needs before they express those needs. Objective 3: Create a support structure for cross-department/cross-division collaboration. Objective 4: Define what innovative success looks like in each unit within A&F based on a focus on people, processes, and technology — with leaders creating the capacity for innovation by understanding their teams' innovation assumptions and actively pursuing new information to challenge those assumptions. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN