Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech follows the University System of Georgia’s policies for workplace flexibility to support the well-being of our employees and achieve our workplace goals. Although not every position can take advantage of these arrangements, there are a variety of ways that flexibility can be leveraged while maintaining productivity. The Flexwork Arrangements policy covers a variety of work arrangements, including hybrid and fully remote work scenarios. As stated in the policy, decisions to implement flexible work will be made by an employee’s unit leadership. What Flexwork Options Exist? There are three types of flexible work arrangements available. Compressed Workweek allows an employee to work a traditional 40-hour work week in less than 5 days. Flextime allows employees to change their arrival, departure and/or lunch times to come in earlier or leave later than the organization's normal hours. Telecommuting allows employees to work away from the conventional or main office. Things to Consider Flexible work arrangements can have significant benefits for both the Institute and employees. Although not all jobs allow for such arrangements, when appropriate, flexwork can reduce time spent commuting and bring more balance to employees’ work and personal lives–in some cases improving employee productivity and morale. While the Institute is committed to embracing flexibility, it is imperative that we prioritize the needs of our student population and recognize the distinction between work that can be completed remotely and work that cannot. Benefits to Employees Enhanced Flexibility – Employees have greater flexibility regarding where they work, as well as hours in which they perform their job functions. Cost Savings - Employees can save on many expenses such as gas, food, and car maintenance expenses. Improved Inclusion – With a larger number of employees exercising flexible options, greater attention is placed on including voices both on- and off-premises. Greater Productivity – A greater sense of productivity is achieved when employees can dedicate time that would have been spent commuting or engaged with in-person distractions. Increased Well-being - Employees can dedicate time to their jobs, while also engaging in activities that promote their health and well-being. Benefits to Georgia Tech Overhead Cost Savings – As employees utilize flexible work arrangements, the Institute can reduce spending on electricity, water, property insurance, office supplies, and much more. Competitive Recruiting – Flexible work opportunities create a desirable experience that attracts competitive talent. Increased Engagement – Engagement and staff retention can increase through employing flexible work arrangements. Reduced Emissions - Less commuting and business travel decreases the Institute’s carbon footprint. Working and Leading in a Flexible Environment Employees and people leaders, see how you can determine the most viable solution for you and your teams. Learn More Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education