Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Infrastructure and Sustainability Main navigation About About Location Awards & History Culture Leadership Team News Sustainable Infrastructure at Georgia Tech Strategic Plan Administration Analytics Business Office Contacts Internal Guidelines & Procedures I&S Technology Services (IT) Organizational Structure Sharepoint Link to Standard Forms and Templates Standard Forms and Templates Certificate of Insurance and More Contractor and Vendor Guidelines (health and parking-related) Services Building Engineering and Energy Strategies Building Maintenance Custodial Services Capital Planning and Space Management Design & Construction Environmental Health & Safety Event Staging Fleet Management Keys & Locks Landscaping & Grounds Sustainability Recycling & Waste Utilities Infrastructure GIS and Campus Maps Submit a Request Custodial Service Landscaping Requests Lighting Request Locate Utilities Request Maintenance Requests Pest Control Request Project Requests Disinfectant Webform Data Request Form Phone Line Repair Request FAQ User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Reconfigured Campanile Fountain Energizes Campus Core The Kessler Campanile has long served as an iconic campus landmark. This landmark and the surrounding plaza, fountain, and amphitheater have been reconfigured as part of the Campus Center construction and renovation project. Learn More about the Fountain's Transformation Home Infrastructure and Sustainability is comprised of more than 500 dedicated professionals who support operational excellence through innovative and efficient physical infrastructure services for the Georgia Institute of Technology. The unit is comprised of the following departments: Building Engineering and Energy Strategies (BEES), Building Maintenance, Building Services, Custodial, Data Analytics, Environmental Health & Safety, Fleet Management, Keys & Locks, Landscape Services, Planning, Design & Construction, Waste and Recycling, Staging, Sustainability, and Utilities & Engineering. I&S provides sustainable, safe and well-maintained facilities throughout campus. Infrastructure and Sustainability (I&S) is a unit of the Division of Administration and Finance. PLEASE NOTE: For any questions regarding construction projects on campus, please contact the Associate Director for Construction Services - Chris Sanders at chris.sanders@facilities.gatech.edu. STUDENTS: For any questions regarding facilities' utility, space, operations, or maintenance information, please fill out the Living, Learning, Campus engagement form or contact the Program and Operations Manager, Cheryl Kelley at cheryl.kelley@facilities.gatech.edu. I&S welcomes inquiries from and collaborations with our Georgia Tech students. Construction Notices O'Keefe Gym Roof Replacement Project January 24 - April 30 The O'Keefe gym will receive a new roof this semester. East Campus Road Closure - 3rd Street and Williams Street - Begins Dec. 19 Upcoming construction work will result in road closure beginning Dec. 19. Van Leer Chilled Water Project Underway The Van Leer Chilled Water Project will be actively under construction until early November. O'Keefe Gym Roof Replacement Project January 24 - April 30 Jan 23, 2023 - Atlanta, GA The O'Keefe gym will receive a new roof this semester. More news Institute Shares Roadmap to Campuswide Sustainability Georgia Tech has launched its first campuswide sustainability plan and will allocate $1.25 million annually to support plan implementation. New Campus Center Welcomes Students The newly reconfigured Campus Center has transformed the original 1970s student center into a vibrant and interactive complex of facilities. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN