Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Main navigation About About About Georgia Tech History & Traditions Rankings & Stats Mission & Vision Our Values Ethics Visitor Information Directories Institute Leadership Office and Department Directory Student, Staff & Faculty Directory Experts Careers at Tech Academics Academic Environment Majors and Degrees Colleges and Schools Continuing and Professional Education Georgia Tech Online Academic Calendar Admissions Prospective Students Admission Overview Campus Tour Tuition and Costs Financial Aid & Scholarships Digital Swag Campus Life Campus Life Explore the Main Campus Student Activities Athletics Athletics Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets Tickets Ramblin Wreck Store Research Research Research Areas Research News Experts Hub News and Events News Center Experts Hub Feature Stories Campus Calendar Media Contacts User account menu Apply Transform Tomorrow. Give Today. Open Search Search Search Visit Georgia Tech Main Campus Address North Ave NW, Atlanta, GA 30332 (404) 894-2000 Campus Map Prospective Student Tours Interested in visiting Georgia Tech and touring the campus? Undergraduate Students Schedule a campus visit modern border border-light rounded bg-white shadow-sm mt-3 mr-5 p-4 Graduate Students Graduate students campus visit and tour modern border border-light rounded bg-white shadow-sm mt-3 mr-5 p-4 Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Directions to Campus DRIVING South on I-75/85 into Atlanta Take Exit 249D (North Avenue). At the top of the exit ramp, turn right onto North Avenue. Cross Techwood Drive (the first light) and continue on North Avenue approximately two blocks to Cherry Street. Turn right onto Cherry Street and then turn left onto Ferst Drive. The Student Center will be located on the right side. Park in the Area 2 visitor’s parking lot adjacent to the Student Center. Driving North on I-75/85 into Atlanta Take Exit 249D (North Avenue/Spring Street/West Peachtree Street). At the top of the exit ramp, proceed through the first intersection (Spring Street). At the next intersection (West Peachtree), turn left. Continue on West Peachtree MARTA TRAIN Georgia Tech is served by two MARTA rail stations: the North Avenue Station and the Midtown Station. From the Midtown Station Take Tech Trolley to campus. From the North Avenue station East Campus is within walking distance. Or, walk three blocks west of the station and take a Red or Blue Stinger bus. mt-5 Visitor Parking Several hourly parking lots are located on campus. Cash and credit cards are accepted at all visitor parking areas. Parking rate details, handicap parking locations, temporary and weekend parking permit information: Georgia Tech Parking & Transportation Services. Visitor Parking Map Campus Transit There are a variety of free transit options for getting around campus and to nearby destinations. Each service complies with the recommendations of the Americans with Disabilities Act. Campus Bus Routes Campus Map Search for parking lots, campus transit stops, buildings, areas of interest, and a self-guided campus tour. Interactive Map mt-5 Area Hotels Click the link below to view a list of hotels that are close to campus. Some may offer special rates for prospective students, families, and visitors to the Institute. Local Lodging Visit Georgia Tech Prospective Student Tours Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Campus Transit Campus Map Area Hotels Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Enable Accessibility General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education