Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation CREATE-X ℠ Main navigation About About Us Programs Overview LEARN MAKE LAUNCH Workshops Our Team Stay Connected Programs LEARN Startup Lab MAKE Idea to Prototype Capstone Design LAUNCH Startup Launch Startup Launch Portfolio Batches In the News Alumni and Giving Make a Gift Founder's Pledge CREATE-X Council Mentorship Program News, Events & Publications Recent News Upcoming Events Research Publications Apply Startup Launch I2P Open Search Search Search Home Georgia Tech Startup Launch Hits New Milestone, Surpassing 100 Teams for Summer 2022 Georgia Tech Startup Launch, the Institute’s startup accelerator founded and run by CREATE-X, has hit a new milestone in its ninth iteration. More than 100 teams, including 16 faculty teams coached by VentureLab, will spend the summer launching their projects from idea stage (or beyond) into fully functioning and viable startups. Read the full story Image Image CREATE-X is a Georgia Tech initiative to instill entrepreneurial confidence in students and empower them to launch successful startups. By the Numbers 38 majors represented 5,000+ students involved 300+ student startups created $1.4B+ total valuation of startups Our Programs CREATE-X offers entrepreneurship programs for all students, from incoming freshmen and undergraduate students of all years, to masters and Ph.D. students. The programs are organized into three categories: LEARN, MAKE and LAUNCH. LEARN The CREATE-X LEARN element consists of a class that exposes students to startup concepts and teaches them the methodology of evidence-based entrepreneurship. Through LEARN, Startup Lab gives students a zero risk opportunity to examine their startup ideas within the context of their formal education and enables them to identify business failures in the lab instead of in the market. Explore LEARN MAKE The CREATE-X MAKE element consists of a set of research and prototyping classes that enable students to overcome technology barriers that might lie in the way of them launching a successful venture. Through MAKE, Idea to Prototype and CREATE-X Capstone provide students with prototyping grants, mentorship, and curricular credit as they create intellectual property and build prototypes toward their venture idea. Explore MAKE LAUNCH The CREATE-X LAUNCH element consists of a program for students and alumni who want to launch their projects from idea stage (or beyond) into fully functioning and viable startups. Through LAUNCH, Startup Launch provides teams with $5,000 in seed funding and $30,000 worth of in-kind services, including legal and accounting services, coaching, space, mentorship, visibility, and IP protection. Explore LAUNCH "CREATE-X is working to establish Georgia Tech as the number one startup campus in the nation with the most funded student startup enterprises." Rahul Saxena Interim Director, CREATE-X Recent News Georgia Tech Launches Sustainable-X Entrepreneurship Program Jan 03, 2023 — Atlanta, GA The new program provides support to those who want to start businesses that solve social and environmental challenges. Jim Pope Fellows Spark Entrepreneurial Confidence in the Classroom Aug 30, 2022 — Atlanta, GA In 2020, the James G. and Dee H. Pope Faculty Fellows Endowment Fund was established to provide for five Jim Pope Fellows per year to serve as instructors, mentors, and advisors to students participating in CREATE-X. CREATE-X Announces 2022 Demo Day Jul 22, 2022 — Atlanta, GA CREATE-X will host Demo Day on August 25th at the Fox Theater from 5:00 p.m.-7:00 p.m. The Friday Five with Team Tortoise Jun 10, 2022 — Atlanta, GA Get to know Tortoise founders Spencer Hayes and Samantha Mitra who have joined the summer 2022 cohort of CREATE-X Startup Launch. More news Events February 6 2023 CREATE-X Startup Ideas 5:00 PM February 13 2023 CREATE-X Legal Buzz 5:00 PM Sponsors The Marcus Foundation, Inc. Sony Procter & Gamble Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education