Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Performance Management Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech strives to provide an environment where all employees understand the impact their contributions have on the achievement of Institute goals and are provided the opportunity for ongoing professional growth. We reinforce this belief through strong performance management that culminates in a review of annual performance. The Georgia Tech Performance Management Cycle consists of four phases: Plan, Manage, Review, and Reward. Support tools are available for each phase of the cycle. Self-Assessments This is your chance to assess big projects, discuss accomplishments and highlight your value. They are due to your manager or Employee Records by Jan. 31, 2023. Use this form to provide to your manager to facilitate more constructive feedback and discussion around individual performance and departmental goals as well as next steps in career development. Self Assessment Form Timeline The Georgia Tech performance cycle is aligned with the calendar year. All classified staff employees should have a recent review reflecting the prior year's performance before May. 2022 Performance Cycle Jan. 1 — Dec. 31, 2022 Communication to Institute Nov. 28 — Dec. 1, 2022 2022 Self Assessments Dec. 12, 2022 – Jan. 31, 2023 2023 Goal Setting Period Exciting enhancements coming spring 2023! 2022 Performance Evaluation Feb. 1 - March 31, 2023 Signed performance appraisal records due to department HR Business Partner/Representative April 1, 2023 Performance Evaluation Reporting to Employee Relations & Filing Completed April 30, 2023 Planning The planning phase is the foundation of the entire process. In this phase, S.M.A.R.T goals and objectives are set for the performance period. Goals that are S.M.A.R.T (Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Relevant, and Time Based) increase employee motivation and commitment to goal attainment, leading to greater success. Quick Reference Guide Goal Setting Form Managing Regular communication is critical during the managing phase of the cycle. Through formal and informal conversations, both parties are kept abreast of progress toward the successful completion of goals and expectations. These discussions are also good opportunities to provide timely feedback and coaching. Since the performance cycle spans several months, it is important to keep track of key performance highlights and challenges. These notes will help immensely when it’s time to discuss performance for the year. Review At the conclusion of the cycle, both parties have a discussion to review performance for the year. If S.M.A.R.T goals have been set (planning phase) and ongoing communication/feedback has taken place (managing phase), both parties should have a productive performance review discussion. The Annual Evaluation Form is available on the Forms page, under "Performance". Go to Annual Evaluation Form Reward When merit increases are available, employees may receive an increase to their annual base pay in accordance with their overall performance rating. It is important to remember that performance increases should be based upon merit. Rewards should be differentiated based upon overall performance ratings. Forms Annual Evaluation Form (Performance Appraisal Record) Goal Setting Form (Values-Based Goal Setting) Review for Probationary Period Form Use this form to evaluate employees at the conclusion of their first six months of employment. Self-Assessment Form Use this form to provide to your manager to facilitate more constructive feedback and discussion around individual performance and departmental goals as well as next steps in career development Tools One-on-One Performance Coaching Guide This guide provides managers and their direct reports examples of discussion questions for better understanding around job performance and employee performance concerns. Performance Improvement Plan and Guidelines Refer to these documents for assistance in correcting performance challenges associated with the skills and expertise of an employee. Sample Narrative This may be used as a substitute or in tandem with the annual evaluation form. Values-Based S.M.A.R.T. Goals - Additional Examples Employees may refer to this resource to see additional examples of how to connect Georgia Tech's values to their goals Performance Management FAQs Managing and Evaluating Performance Guide Faculty Annual Evaluations FAQs Training Please click on an item below for more information and to sign up for training. For Managers: Setting Team and Employee Goals Performance Management: Setting Goals and Managing Performance Virtual Performance Reviews and Feedback Improving Employee Performance For Employees: How to Write SMART Goals and Objectives Values-Based Goal Setting Training PowerPoint Recorded Session For Everyone: Giving and Receiving Feedback Coaching Conversations Confrontation Conversations Managing Your Performance the Georgia Tech Way Management Best Practices Keep notes in a journal or other system (e.g., tickler file) to record significant performance occurrences during the year Let employees know that you wish to regularly communicate throughout the year (both formally and informally) and demonstrate that commitment by being proactive and engaged when interacting Monitor progress on goals and be open to adjusting goals if circumstances warrant Schedule one-on-one meetings with employees at least monthly to formally discuss performance Conduct a mid-year performance evaluation Performance Evaluation Best Practices Schedule a dedicated time for each employee to be evaluated Review notes and other documentation you have compiled throughout the year concerning the employee’s performance Have the employee complete a self-evaluation and review it prior to preparing the final review Provide the employee with a draft copy of the completed performance review prior to the actual meeting to administer the review Ensure constructive two-way communication during the review meeting (listening attentively and encouraging dialogue) Schedule a performance planning meeting within 30 days after the evaluation to collectively establish key performance measures and goals for the upcoming performance review cycle Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education