Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Working @Tech Arrangement Breadcrumb Home Through the Working @Tech initiative, the Institute is committed to cultivating our employees’ well-being and providing opportunities for flexible work arrangements that support the Institute’s mission and value of serving students. Founded on our pursuit to lead by example, champion innovation, and maximize efficiency through the AdminX initiative, the Working @Tech Arrangement enables the Institute to provide enhanced reporting and analytics regarding how people work at Georgia Tech. Working @Tech Arrangement Please note, while the Institute is committed to embracing flexibility, it is imperative that we prioritize the needs of our student population and recognize not all flexible options are guaranteed.  Submit Yours Today Working @Tech Resources Working @Tech Arrangement Working @Tech Job Aid Manager Talking Points * (*see Managing Talent) Flexwork Arrangements Policy Flexwork Arrangements Guidelines Do you have a question that is not listed below?  Please submit your questions here.  General FAQs Why do all full-time employees need to complete the Working @Tech Arrangement? By collecting data from all full-time employees, we can have a broader awareness for the ways our employees are working across campus and understand what is happening across units. The data will assist the Institute in ensuring we are in compliance with employment laws in other states, as well as provide critical information needed for emergency and risk management planning. As responsible stewards of our State’s resources, it also provides opportunities to better understand space utilization and help direct employee engagement and retention efforts in the future. As an employee how do I begin the process of completing the Working @Tech Arrangement? As with most processes, we encourage you to have a conversation with your supervisor regarding your schedule and flexible work options. For tips on how to initiate the conversation, visit our Working @ Tech Toolkit. Once you and your supervisor have reached an agreement, you may begin the process and submit the form. When does my Working @Tech Arrangement expire? The Working @Tech Arrangement does not have an expiration date. Employees are required to update their arrangement form whenever there is a change in their work location and/or schedule. I only come to campus as needed. Which option should I select? If you occasionally come to campus without a defined schedule, you should select the telecommute and on-site option. Once the menu expands, you can indicate that you are only on campus as needed by selecting the "on-site as needed" option below the days of the week. For your work location, please select the space that most applies to where you would work if you came into the office. If I have to telecommute one or two days out of the month due to emergency situations, do I fill out a new form each time? The Working @Tech Arrangement is intended for your typical work schedule. We recognize emergencies arise and that employees and supervisors will need to exercise flexibility periodically with schedules. Therefore, if changes are happening rarely and only in emergencies, a new arrangement would not be needed. The nature of my job requires that I move around campus and, as a result, I do not have an assigned workspace. What building should I select for my work location? If you don't have an assigned workspace, please list the building you report to at the start of your shift or where your department is located. I have multiple workspaces across campus. What building should I select for my work location? If you have multiple workspaces, select the workspace you frequent most often. Submission FAQs How can I edit my former Working @Tech Arrangement? If you need to make modifications to your arrangement, you will need to access the form and submit a new arrangement. Do I need to save my approved Working @Tech Arrangement? Yes, all employees should save or archive their currently approved Working @ Tech Arrangement received in their email for their records. Once a new arrangement is submitted and approved, you may delete your outdated arrangement(s). My manager is listed incorrectly. What should I do? At the end of the submission process, you will view a pop-up screen that asks you to verify your manager. If your manager is listed incorrectly, select “no” when asked if correct, and find your manager by typing their first or last name or username. I have a dual appointment with two managers. How should I manage approval of my work arrangement? If you have a dual appointment, best practice is to speak with both managers prior to submitting your Working @ Tech Arrangement. Your arrangement should be submitted to your manager on file within the OneUSG system. Once approved, forward your confirmation and schedule to your other manager for awareness. I have a lot of direct reports. Is there a way to organize them into one folder in my inbox for easy access? Yes! You can create a rule in Microsoft 365 to organize your emails into one folder. Please visit this aid for more information. Thank you! Thank you to the Working @Tech Arrangement Development Team and Working @Tech Institute Strategic Plan Committee Tineke Battle, Sonda Abernathy, Candice Bovian, Sherry Davidson, Megan Faulkner, Diamond Ford, Ivy Gardner, Taylor Goodson, Marissa Jules, James Kren, Jeff Leinbach, Troy Littles, Kayin Malik, Kevin Merkel, Erin Mitchell, Jarrett Muncy, Jennifer Myles, Travis Proffitt, Laura Pusateri, Stephanie Ray, Sharon Riehl, Caleb Tarleton, Kellye Terrell, Michelle Thackray, Kim Toatley, Charvette Webb, Keisha Williams, Carol Yung, Daniel Zealy Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education