Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Sciences About Us Our Leadership Meet Dean Lozier Betsy Middleton and John Clark Sutherland Chair Schools Biological Sciences Chemistry & Biochemistry Earth & Atmospheric Sciences Mathematics Physics Psychology B.S. in Environmental Science *Coming Summer 2023* B.S. in Neuroscience Research Research Centers Research Partnerships For Students Apply Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate Advisory Council Graduate Programs Graduate Student Diversity Council Admitted Students Explore Living Learning Community Conference Travel Funding Student Organizations For Alumni Advisory Board Giving to the College For Faculty & Staff Faculty Openings Faculty Resources Staff Resources CoS Task Force for Racial Equity Continuity Plans News Center Events Magazine E-Newsletters Outreach Experts Guide Podcast Contact Visit & Directions Give Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home College of Sciences The College of Sciences at Georgia Tech cultivates curiosity, encourages exploration, and fosters innovation to develop leaders and scientific solutions for a better world. Discover more. Latest News The Nobel Whisperer: M.G. Finn on Click Chemistry and Collaboration On Dec. 10, 2022, Georgia Tech chemist M.G. Finn found himself in the Stockholm Concert Hall wearing a tuxedo. It was a big night — the 126th anniversary of Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel's death — but the mood was anything but somber. McDonald To Be Honored by Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education (CORE) John McDonald, emeritus professor in the School of Biological Sciences and founding director of Georgia Tech's Integrated Cancer Research Center, has been chosen as a ‘Today’s Innovator’ in cancer research by the Georgia Center for Oncology Research and Education (CORE) NSF Research Experiences for Undergraduates Program Returns for 2023 Georgia Tech’s College of Sciences Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) program funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF) offers summer programs for 2023. School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences to Offer Three New Undergraduate Degrees — Including Interdisciplinary Environmental Science Major Starting Summer 2023, incoming undergraduates in the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences can choose from three new majors: Environmental Science — an interdisciplinary degree with the School of Biological Sciences; Atmospheric and Ocean Sciences; and Solid Earth and Planetary Sciences. The existing Earth and Atmospheric Sciences B.S. degree program will sunset in two years for new students. What's on the Horizon for 2023? Members of the Tech community share their plans for the new year. Yellow Jackets Featured in ‘Georgia Trend’ List of Influential Georgians Georgia Tech alumni are being recognized for work in their communities in Georgia Trend’s Most Influential Georgians for 2023. Georgia Tech Launches Climate Action Planning Process Georgia Tech strives to be a leader in climate action across the Institute’s operational, educational, research, and economic development missions. As such, a process is underway to leverage this knowledge and develop a comprehensive, cross-cutting Climate Action Plan. Explore More News Dive into our new magazine Strategic Plan: 2021-2030 Learn about our six internationally ranked schools Task Force for Racial Equity Subscribe to College of Sciences News and Notes Experts In The News Cats land on their feet, which could help humans walk better The legendary ability of cats to fall back on their paws could one day help humans walk better after a spinal cord injury, according to research done at the Université de Sherbrooke. The knowledge could also help seniors whose sense of balance is more precarious. In collaboration with researchers from Georgia Tech and Drexel, the Sherbrooke researchers wanted to better understand how what science calls a somatosensory return allows a cat to coordinate the movement of its four legs. Boris Prilutsky, a professor in the School of Biological Sciences, collaborated on the research. La Presse (France), Jan 23, 2023 Shake, Rattle, and Roll: Inside the Elgin earthquake swarm An unprecedented wave of minor earthquakes focused near Elgin, a small town in Kershaw County in South Carolina, have local residents struggling to describe what they’re experiencing. For a big chunk of 2022, “Did you feel that?” became almost as common a greeting as “How are you?” across the Midlands. The U.S. Geological Survey refers to the Elgin phenomenon as a “swarm.” It began Dec. 27, 2021, with a magnitude 3.3 earthquake. Since then, upward of 80 earthquakes have been recorded. Zhigang Peng, a professor of geophysics in the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences, says magma or fluid movement can cause quakes, but scientists haven't found evidence of those with the Elgin swarm. Columbia Metropolitan, Jan 23, 2023 More College of Sciences in the News Events Feb 02 2023 Public Nights at the Georgia Tech Observatory Join Georgia Tech Astronomy for public nights at our Observatory. Feb 09 to 10 2023 2023 Exploration and Origins Colloquium (Abstracts due 1/19) The ExplOrigins early career group invites you to join the 2023 Exploration and Origins Colloquium Feb 16 2023 Life Sciences Startup Career Networking Night - Calling All Job Seekers! If you're a job seeker looking to break into the life sciences ecosystem in Atlanta, Portal Atlanta would love to invite you to attend our upcoming event. Feb 22 2023 IRIM Spring Seminar | Featuring Howie Choset All Seminars Held on Wednesdays 12:15 - 1:15pm Mar 02 2023 Public Nights at the Georgia Tech Observatory Join Georgia Tech Astronomy for public nights at our Observatory. Mar 10 to 25 2023 The 2023 Atlanta Science Festival The Atlanta Science Festival is an annual celebration of the world-class learning and STEM career opportunities in metro Atlanta, featuring 100+ engaging events for curious kids and adults at venues all across the region. Mar 30 2023 Public Nights at the Georgia Tech Observatory Join Georgia Tech Astronomy for public nights at our Observatory. College Events Campus Calendar Spark: College of Sciences at Georgia Tech Welcome — we're so glad you're here. Learn more about us in this video, narrated by Susan Lozier, Dean and Betsy Middleton and John Clark Sutherland Chair in the College and President of AGU. Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum College of Sciences College of Sciences School of Biological Sciences School of Chemistry & Biochemistry School of Earth & Atmospheric Sciences School of Mathematics School of Physics School of Psychology Privacy and Data EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice Reach the College Apply Contact Us Visit Us Georgia Tech College of Sciences Office of the Dean Administration Building (Tech Tower), Second Floor, Room 202 225 North Ave NW Atlanta, GA 30332-0365 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login