Skip to main content Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid Menu Home Subjects Browse By Subject Area Business Computing Defense Technologies Digital Media Engineering Exam Prep K-12 Programs Languages Management Manufacturing Mathematics Occupational Safety & Health Personal Development Supply Chain & Logistics Programs All Program Offerings Courses Degrees Graduate Certificates Professional Certificates Boot Camps Savannah Campus Workplace Learning & Professional Development Partner With Us Corporate Education Train at Your Location Featured FinTechU Georgia Tech Summer K-12 Programs Military Programs ESL (English as a Second Language) Georgia Film Academy Georgia Tech Online All Online Offerings Online Courses Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) Savannah Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events In-Person Meetings Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conference Management Blog Georgia Tech Main Site Give Directory Sign in My Cart Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Email YouTube Search Select Search Category Everything Courses & Programs Degree Programs Articles & News GTPE Website Search this site Continue Your Success Story Stand out in your profession with a credential from one of the nation's leading research universities. GTPE Expands Virtual Offerings For the safety of our community, we have transitioned many of our in-person professional courses and event offerings to a virtual format to support efforts to keep you learning, progressing, and connected. View Online Courses Plan a Virtual Event Why Choose Georgia Tech Professional Education? We deliver the knowledge and skills that you need for every stage of your career. With GTPE, you get the best of both worlds — academic rigor combined with hands-on, practical training in demand by industry. Whether you choose a course, a certificate program, or a degree, you're in good hands. Our offerings are designed to build deep knowledge and skills leading to subject matter expertise that you can apply in your workplace for immediate results. For 100 years, we've built the workplace leaders — the thinkers and problem solvers that inspire and move industries forward. Now Online: In-Person Courses Transitioned to Virtual Format For the safety of our community, we have transitioned many of our in-person professional course offerings to a virtual format to support efforts to keep you learning, progressing, and connected. Choose from more than 100 online courses in 10 subject areas and enjoy the flexibility and convenience of online learning. View Online Courses THE LIFETIME LEARNER Spotlighting the industries, trends, and skills driving disruption in education, the workforce, and the people in them. Turning Pointe Some careers follow a natural course. When a retired athlete becomes a sports commentator, no one is surprised. Ditto the star chef who... Learn More Leveraging Data to Win the Game The world of sports, like any industry, requires strategic, data-informed decision-making. However, unlike others, the sports industry is... Learn More New Director Named for Cyber-Physical Systems Saman Zonouz, Ph.D. has been named director of the Cyber-Physical Systems track for Georgia Tech's Online Master of Science in Cybersecurity... Learn More Masters of Analytics - Life 2.0 with Douglas Trent Douglas Trent is Senior Data Scientist in the Office of the CIO at NASA’s Langley Research Center, leading teams to accelerate the adoption... Learn More Executive Director Named for Online Master's of Science in Cybersecurity Brenden Kuerbis, a research scientist II in the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts School of Public Policy, has been named executive... Learn More The Complexities of the Cyber Landscape With technology rapidly evolving and computer and network systems becoming more intricate, there is a high market demand for qualified... Learn More 6 Tips for Work-Life Balance as an Adult Learner “With a full-time career, three kids, and working on a master’s degree, my time is spread thin. I want to ensure that each gets the proper... Learn More From Family Legacy to Personal Passion If there were ever an example of someone living fully in the present while keeping a trained eye on the future, that person would be Ty... Learn More Georgia Tech Named a Premier Authorized Training Partner for the Project Management… Having met rigorous requirements for training quality and effectiveness, Georgia Tech is now a Premier Authorized Training Partner (ATP) for... Learn More Meet Darrell Kent: Supply Chain Professional and Instructor Georgia Tech Supply Chain Institute works with ORTEC, a global software and analytics company, to present the Supply Chain Analytics... Learn More Professional Education Names New Associate Dean for Academic Affairs Georgia Tech Professional Education (GTPE) has named Stephen M. Ruffin, Ph.D., Professor and Associate Chair for Undergraduate Programs in... Learn More Taking Care of Your Employees in the Hybrid Era Globally, workplaces, regardless of industry, are facing a momentous shift. While the pandemic was a catalyst for professionals to reexamine... Learn More See All A credential that commands attention Earn a Georgia Tech credential and make an immediate impact on your career. Choose a professional education option that suits you. Watch the video icon_chevron Explore the Opportunities Online Degrees Our graduate programs enable working professionals to earn a Georgia Tech degree while working full-time. You'll experience the academic rigor you expect from a top-ranked technology and engineering university. Learn more Courses We offer short training courses in over 15 subject areas in STEM, business, and leadership. Designed with workforce and professional development in mind, what you learn in class is applicable the day you return to work. Learn more Certificates Professional and graduate certificates emphasize deeper subject matter expertise with immediate application. Learn from faculty, researchers, scientists, and top industry experts — and increase your impact within the workforce. Learn more Georgia Tech Online Georgia Tech has delivered world-class training and degree programs to learners around the globe since 1977, and we partner with leading online learning platform providers to deliver at-scale courses and degrees. Learn More “The program gave me the confidence to start my own company. I’ve used what I’ve learned to create service products for small businesses and home networks that I can market to potential clients.” Tania Allen Founder, ItGresa Consulting Group “Day-to-day experience is valuable but to advance, you need to combine it with professional education.” Anargyros Antonopoulos Project Manager, LEVEL5 “I was promoted to a director position shortly after completing the Supply Chain and Logistics Certificate program.” Reemer Youmans Director of Operations, HUGO BOSS “The best thing about this degree program is we are applying as we learn. We do activities and projects in every course.” Sheela Shaw Principal Analyst, Manhattan Associates GLOBAL LEARNING CENTER Located in Tech Square, Atlanta's thriving innovation community, the Global Learning Center is the home to GTPE and the facility of choice for virtual, in-person, and hybrid corporate meetings, conferences, and events. Learn More 80% Of post-secondary students in America are considered "non-traditional" learners, including working adults, veterans, and parents. 129K+ Of learners annually benefit from GTPE’s professional development courses, certificate programs, and online degrees. 98% Of GTPE learners report an increase in knowledge, enhanced job performance, and career advancement. SAVANNAH CAMPUS Our Savannah campus offers education for all stages of life, with courses and programs specifically designed to help Georgia's coastal region grow and excel. Learn More Train At Your Location We enable employers to provide specialized, on-location training on their own timetables. Our world-renowned experts can create unique content that meets your employees' specific needs. We also have the ability to deliver courses via web conferencing or on-demand online videos. For 15 or more students, it is more cost-effective for us to come to you. Save Money Flexible Schedule Group Training Customize Content On-Site Training Earn a Certificate Learn More Resources Programs Browse by Subject Courses Certificates Degrees Military Programs ESL Georgia Tech Online Train at Your Location Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conferences About Us Executive Leadership Leadership Searches Impact Reports Savannah Campus The Language Institute Accreditation Contact Us FAQs Visit Us Georgia Tech Global Learning Center 84 5th St NW Atlanta GA 30308 USA Get Directions Phone: 404-385-3500 Emergency Information Legal and Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability GTPE EU GDPR Privacy Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Report Website Issue Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology