Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Information Technology oit.gatech.edu Main navigation Home Services Services Based on Role Students Faculty Research Computing Staff IT Endpoint Computing IT Business Management Printing and Copying Services About About From The Desk of The CIO The OIT Leadership Organization Chart Job Opportunities Project Management Office Strategy Strategy Overview Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Expand Access Lead by Example Strategic Planning Process Policies OneIT IT Communications IT Communications News Accessibility GT Login Open Search Search Search Home The "Tech" at Georgia Tech The Office of Information Technology provides core IT services ranging from classroom and desktop support, wired and wireless Internet, research cyber infrastructure, and critical student services for registration, collaboration, and digital learning. Learn More Services View services and resources based on your role at Georgia Tech. More Info Strategy We are building a five-year strategy to support Institute mission. Learn more about this process. More Info Security Georgia Tech Cyber Security manages the security posture and information security compliance for institutional activities. More Info Need Tech Support? Whether by phone, help request, or walk-up assistance by appointment, the OIT Service Desk is ready to help with all of your IT support needs. Call Us 404-385-5555 View More Options OIT Intranet Internal news, events, updates for OIT employees. Enter Site ITAC Intranet Internal news and updates for the IT community. Enter Site Check IT Service Status Think a service may be down? View our Status Page for updates IT services. View Service Status News Quality Enhancement Plan Jan 10, 2023 - Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech is seeking input, feedback, and ideas from faculty, staff, and students to select a topic for its next Quality Enhancement Plan. Guidance on Removing Select Social Messaging Apps From State-Owned Devices Dec 22, 2022 - Atlanta, GA The state of Georgia recently announced the prohibition of select social messaging apps on state-owned devices. The Sustainability Next Task Force Delivers Vision and Launches Implementation Oct 24, 2022 - Atlanta, GA The Sustainability Next Plan features six key priorities that touch nearly every aspect of the Institute, each with specific objectives and strategies for implementation. Data Days to Take Place October 11-14 Oct 03, 2022 - Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech's Inaugural Data Days takes place Oct. 11-14 More news Events Monday - Saturday Mar 20 - 25 2023 Spring Break 10:00PM - 9:59PM Accessibility Information Download Microsoft Products > Download Adobe Reader > Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN