Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search EU General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Notice Breadcrumb Home This is the Georgia Institute of Technology’s (Georgia Tech) Human Resources privacy and legal notice for compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“EU GDPR”). For more information regarding the EU GDPR, please review Georgia Tech’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy. Lawful Basis for Collecting and Processing of Personal Data Georgia Tech is an institute of higher education involved in education, research, and community development. In order for Georgia Tech to process employee and employment transactions, it must collect, use and process this personal data. The lawful basis for the collection and processing of personal data by Georgia Tech’s Human Resources falls under the following category(ies): Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Georgia Tech or third parties in providing employment. The data subject has given consent for the processing of his or her special categories of personal data for one of more specific purposes. Types of Personal Data collected and why In order for Georgia Tech to process employee and employment transactions, it needs to collect the following categories of personal data. Name Contact information including, without limitation, email address, physical address, phone number, and other location data Unique personal identifiers and biographical information (e.g. date of birth) Details of your education and/or employment qualifications Information related to visa requirements, copies of passports and other documents to ensure compliance with U.S. laws Financial information gathered for the purposes of payroll processing The personal data collected by Georgia Tech’s Human Resources will be shared with the following third-party entity or Georgia Tech Unit for the purposes of processing, evaluating, and analyzing employee and employment transactions. Georgia Tech Unit Purpose Bursar’s Office Bursar fee deduction Campus Recreation Center (CRC) CRC deduction and communications Campus Services - BuzzCard BuzzCard deduction GT Athletics Season ticket deduction Language Institute (LI) Case management for international students, scholars, and other foreign national employees Legal Affairs and Risk Management Data for open records requests Office of Development – GT Foundation Annual Fund deduction Office of Information Technology (OIT) System access, building access, time reporting, and general reporting Office of International Education (OIE) Case management for international students, scholars, and other foreign national employees Office of Strategic Consulting Employment assessments Parking and Transportation Parking deduction Third-Party Name Purpose American Association of University Professors Membership dues Aon Hewitt Participation in salary survey Bank of America Pay and reconciliation data Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia Data Mart, Payroll Continuous Audit data College and University Professional Association for Human Resources (CUPA-HR) Participation in salary survey Corporate Cost Control Unemployment claims Culpepper and Associates, Inc. Participation in salary survey Desire2Learn Learning Management System Equifax I-9 processing and employment verification Georgia United Credit Union Credit union deduction data Legal Club of America Identity theft Mercer Participation in salary survey PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) Tax and employment consulting for overseas assignments and payments Taleo Employee and manager data to set up as internal users in the talent acquisition application The Hartford Worker’s Compensation (outside GA) UNUM Payments for permanent life insurance Western Management Group Participation in salary survey Willis Towers Watson Participation in salary survey State Agencies Alabama Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Alabama Arizona Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Arizona State of California Empl. Dev. Dept. Tax data for employees in the state of California State of Colorado – Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Colorado State of Connecticut – Commissioner of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Connecticut Georgia Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Georgia Georgia Department of Human Resources Data for newly hired employees at Georgia Tech Georgia Department of Audits and Accounts Data requested for auditing purposes Georgia Department of Administrative Services Data for employees contributing to the annual State Charitable Campaign District of Columbia Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the District of Columbia Hawaii Department of Taxation Tax data for employees in the state of Hawaii Illinois Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Illinois Indiana Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Indiana Iowa Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Iowa Kansas Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Kansas Treasurer, State of Maine Tax data for employees in the state of Maine State of Maryland Revenue Admin. Div. Tax data for employees in the state of Maryland Massachusetts Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Massachusetts Michigan Dept. of Treasury Tax data for employees in the state of Michigan Mississippi State Tax Commission Tax data for employees in the state of Mississippi Missouri Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Missouri Nebraska Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Nebraska New Jersey Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of New Jersey New Mexico Taxation & Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of New Mexico New York Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of New York North Carolina Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of North Carolina Ohio Dept. of Taxation Tax data for employees in the state of Ohio Regional Income Tax Agency (Ohio) Tax data for employees in the state of Ohio Oklahoma Tax Commission Tax data for employees in the state of Oklahoma Bureau of Business Trust Tax Funds – PA Dept. of Rev. Tax data for employees in the state of Pennsylvania Berkheimer Tax Administrator Tax data for employees in the state of Pennsylvania South Carolina Dept. of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of South Carolina Virginia Dept. of Taxation Tax data for employees in the state of Virginia State of Wisconsin Department of Revenue Tax data for employees in the state of Wisconsin Federal Agencies Social Security Administration W2s filed annually and adjustments as needed Internal Revenue Service Tax data Other Agencies Garnishment agencies (various state courts) Garnishment data Child Support (various agencies) Child support data If you have specific questions regarding the collection and use of your personal data, please contact the Office of Enterprise Data Management. If a data subject refuses to provide personal data that is required by Georgia Tech in connection with one of Georgia Tech’s lawful bases to collect such personal data, such refusal may make it impossible for Georgia Tech to provide education, employment, research or other requested services. Where Georgia Tech gets Personal and Sensitive Personal Data Georgia Tech receives personal and sensitive personal data from multiple sources. Most often, Georgia Tech gets this data directly from the data subject or under the direction of the data subject who has provided it to a third party (for example, application for undergraduate admission to Georgia Tech through use of the Common App). Individual Rights of the Data Subject under the EU GDPR Individual data subjects covered by Georgia Tech’s EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy will be afforded the following right information about the controller collecting the data the data protection officer contact information the purposes and legal basis/legitimate interests of the data collection/processing recipients of the personal data if Georgia Tech intends to transfer personal data to another country or international organization the period the personal data will be stored the existence of the right to access, rectify incorrect data or erase personal data, restrict or object to processing, and the right to data portability the existence of the right to withdraw consent at any time the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (established in the EU) why the personal data are required, and possible consequences of the failure to provide the data the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling if the collected data are going to be further processed for a purpose other than that for which it was collected Note: Exercising of these rights is a guarantee to be afforded a process and not the guarantee of an outcome. Any data subject who wishes to exercise any of the above-mentioned rights may do so by filling such request with the Office of Enterprise Data Management at eugdpr@edm.gatech.edu Cookies Cookies are files that many websites transfer to users’ web browsers to enable the site to deliver personalized services or to provide persistent authentication. The information contained in a cookie typically includes information collected automatically by the web server and/or information provided voluntarily by the user. Our website uses persistent cookies in conjunction with a third party technology partner to analyze search engine usage and web traffic patterns. This information is used in the aggregate to monitor and enhance our web pages. It is not used to track the usage patterns of individual users. Security of Personal Data subject to the EU GDPR All personal data and sensitive personal data collected or processed by Georgia Tech under the scope of the Georgia Tech EU General Data Protection Regulation Compliance Policy must comply with the security controls and systems and process requirements and standards of NIST Special Publication 800-171 as set forth in the Georgia Tech Controlled Unclassified Information Policy. Georgia Open Records Act As a state university, Georgia Tech is subject to the provisions of the Georgia Open Records Act (ORA). Except for those records that are exempt from disclosure under the ORA, the ORA provides that all citizens are entitled to view the records of state agencies on request and to make copies for a fee. The ORA requires that Georgia Tech produce public documents within three business days. For more information on Georgia Tech’s ORA compliance, please visit the Open Records Act page on the Legal Affairs website. Data Retention Georgia Tech keeps the data it collects for the time periods specified in the University System of Georgia Records Retention Schedules. For examples of Human Resources (Employment) Records Retention Schedules, click here. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business</a> Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education