Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Breadcrumb Home Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Leadership Announcements Dec. 1, 2022 Good afternoon colleagues, I am pleased to announce that Jennifer Herazy, associate vice president for Strategy and Administration, Academics, and Research, has accepted an interim appointment to join the Administration and Finance (A&F) leadership team as the interim deputy chief business officer for A&F effective today, Dec. 1. Jennifer’s institutional knowledge will help advance many strategic initiatives in A&F designed to improve operational excellence across campus, especially during this period of leadership transition in A&F. This is a temporary assignment in addition to her existing portfolio under the Office of the Provost and the Office of the Executive Vice President for Research and is designed to specifically facilitate the following initiatives: Serve as an advisor and assist with the realization of the HR Transformations initiative, including the integration of human resources functions planned for the Administrative Services Center (ASC). Assist with the implementation of the Budget Reform Model across campus, especially in the Institute’s colleges and schools. Plan and coordinate the infrastructure needed to successfully establish a new academic unit dedicated to lifetime learning. Additionally, Jennifer will temporarily supervise the support staff in the A&F executive’s office and assist me with other strategic and operational matters. At this time, the Georgia Tech Police Department will continue to report directly to me. In addition, Daren Hubbard, vice president of Information Technology and chief information officer, will continue to provide oversight for the overall ASC effort and work closely with Jennifer in her interim role. I am also excited to announce that plans are underway to begin the selection of the next executive vice president for A&F. The search committee, chaired by Provost Steve McLaughlin, has begun meeting this month. More information will be shared as it becomes available. Please join me in welcoming Jennifer to the A&F team! Jennifer is a trusted and highly valued colleague, and I am honored that she is joining our team. My personal thanks to Jennifer! I thank you all for your support as we have navigated the past few months and as we approach the months ahead. We will continue to be focused on delivering on our mission and work tirelessly to deliver on our strategic goals. Thank you for your partnership! All my best, Mike Michael P. Shannon Interim Executive Vice President Administration & Finance Interim Chief Business Officer Georgia Institute of Technology Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN