Google Search Central Documentation SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials Get your website on Google How Google Search Works SEO starter guide Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonical URLs Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Education Support Blog What's new All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Events Case studies English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский العربيّة हिंदी ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어 Sign in Documentation Search Console Google Search Central Documentation More Support Blog What's new More Events Case studies Introduction Search Essentials Overview Technical requirements Spam policies SEO fundamentals Get your website on Google How Google Search works Creating helpful, reliable, people-first content SEO Starter Guide Do you need an SEO? Maintaining your site's SEO Developer's guide to Search Crawling and indexing Overview File types Google can index URL structure Sitemaps Learn about sitemaps Build and submit a sitemap Split up your large sitemaps Sitemap extensions Video sitemaps and alternatives Image sitemaps Google News sitemaps Crawler management Ask Google to recrawl your URLs Reduce the Googlebot crawl rate Verifying Googlebot and other Google crawlers Large site owner's guide to managing your crawl budget How HTTP status codes, and network and DNS errors affect Google Search Google crawlers Overview Googlebot Google Read Aloud APIs-Google Feedfetcher robots.txt Introduction to robots.txt How to write and submit a robots.txt file Update your robots.txt file How Google interprets the robots.txt specification Robots FAQs Canonical URLs Mobile site and mobile-first indexing AMP AMP on Google Search guidelines Understand how AMP works in search results Enhance AMP content Validate AMP content Remove AMP content JavaScript Understand the JavaScript SEO basics Fix search-related JavaScript problems Fix lazy-loaded content Implement dynamic rendering Page and content metadata Page metadata Meta tags Meta tags and HTML attributes that Google supports Robots meta tag, data-nosnippet, and X-Robots-Tag noindex SafeSearch Crawlable links rel attributes Removals Control what you share with Google Page removals Image removals Redacted information Site moves and changes Redirects and Google Search Site moves What is a site move? Move a site without URL changes Move a site with URL changes A/B testing Temporarily pause or disable a website Ranking and search appearance Overview A guide to Google Search ranking systems Byline dates Favicons Featured snippets Flexible Sampling Google Discover Images Local features Business details Top Places List Opt out Page experience Understanding page experience Interstitials and dialogs Get started with signed exchanges on Google Search Site names Sitelinks Snippets Structured data Understand how structured data works Try the structured data codelab Structured data general guidelines Enriched search results Generate structured data with JavaScript Feature guides All structured data features Article Book Breadcrumb Carousel Course COVID-19 announcements Dataset Education Q&A Employer Aggregate Rating Estimated salary Event Fact Check FAQ Home Activities How-to Image metadata Job Posting Learning Video Local Business Logo Math solver Movie Practice problem Product Q&A Recipe Review snippet Sitelinks search box Software App Speakable Subscription and paywalled content Video Title links Translated features Translated results Ad networks and translation-related Google Search features Videos Visual Elements gallery Web Stories Enable Web Stories on Google Best practices for creating Web Stories Web Story content policy Early Adopters Program Package tracking Monitoring and debugging Get started with Search Console Using reports in Search Console Debug with search operators Overview site: search operator cache: search operator Google Images search operators Preventing and monitoring abuse Overview Prevent user-generated spam Malware and unwanted software Prevent a malware infection Social engineering (phishing and deceptive sites) Google Safe Browsing Repeat Offenders Policy Site-specific guides Ecommerce Overview Where content can appear Share product data Include structured data Launch a new website Write high quality product reviews Design a URL structure Ecommerce site structure Pagination, incremental page loading, and Search International and multilingual Overview Managing multi-regional and multilingual sites Tell Google about localized versions of your page How Google crawls locale-adaptive pages Education SEO fundamentals Introduction Search Essentials Get your website on Google How Google Search Works SEO starter guide Do you need an SEO? Crawling and indexing Sitemaps robots.txt Meta tags Crawler management Removals Canonical URLs Redirects JavaScript SEO Ranking and search appearance Visual Elements gallery Title links Snippets Images Videos Structured data Favicons Site-specific guides Ecommerce International and multilingual sites Education All updates Documentation updates Ranking updates New YouTube videos Recent podcast episodes Home Search Central Documentation Send feedback Stay organized with collections Save and categorize content based on your preferences. Get your website on Google Google automatically looks for sites to add to our index; you usually don't even need to do anything except post your site on the web. However, sometimes sites get missed. Check to see if your site is on Google and learn how to make your content more visible in Google Search. Basic checklist for appearing in Google Search results Here are a few basic questions to ask yourself about your website when you get started. You can find additional getting started information in the SEO Starter Guide. Is your website showing up on Google? To see if your pages are already indexed, search for your site in Google Search with a query like this. Substitute your own site for "example.com". site:example.com The site: operator doesn't necessarily return all the URLs that are indexed under the prefix specified in the query. Learn more about the site: operator. Although Google crawls billions of pages, it's inevitable that some sites will be missed. When our crawlers miss a site, it's frequently for one of the following reasons: Your site isn't linked to by other sites on the web. See if you can get your site linked to by other sites (but please don't pay them to link to you; that could be considered a violation of Google's guidelines). You've just launched a new site and Google hasn't had time to crawl it yet. It can take a few weeks for Google to notice a new site, or any changes in your existing site. The design of the site makes it difficult for Google to crawl its content effectively. If your site is built on some other specialized technology, rather than HTML, Google might have trouble crawling it correctly. Remember to use text, not just images or video, on your site. Google received an error when trying to crawl your site. Most common reasons for this are that you have a login page for your site, or that your site blocks Google for some reason. Make sure that you can access your site in an incognito window. Google missed it: Although Google crawls billions of pages, it's inevitable that we'll miss a few sites, especially small ones. Wait a while, and try to get linked from other sites. If you're feeling adventurous, you can add your site to Search Console to see if there's an error that might prevent Google from understanding your site. You can also send us your most important URLs to let us know we should crawl and potentially index them. Follow the Google Search Essentials to make sure that you're fulfilling the site guidelines for appearing on Google. Do you serve high-quality content to users? Your number one priority is ensuring that your users have the best possible experience on your site. Think about what makes your site unique, valuable, or engaging. To help you evaluate your content, ask yourself the self-assessment questions in our guide to creating content that's helpful, reliable, and people-first. To make sure that you’re managing your website using Google-friendly practices, read the Search Essentials. Is your local business showing up on Google? Your Business Profile lets you manage how your business information appears across Google, including Search and Maps. Consider claiming your Business Profile. Is your content fast and easy to access on all devices? Most searches are now done from mobile devices; make sure that your content is optimized to load quickly and display properly on all screen sizes. Test if your pages are mobile-friendly. Is your website secure? Modern users expect a secure online experience. Secure your website's connection with HTTPS. Do you need additional help? SEOs (search engine optimizers) are professionals who can help you improve your website and increase visibility on search engines. Learn more about why and how to hire an SEO. Is your content about a specialized topic? Depending on what your content is about, there are more ways you can get that content on Google. Business or person Google for Retail To promote your products on Google Shopping, Google Offers, and other properties, you can submit your product catalogs digitally to Google Search. Google for Small Business See what resources Google offers to help your small business thrive. Street View Invite customers on a virtual tour of your business. Knowledge panel If you want to manage your identity as a person, business, or organization on Google, you can suggest changes to your knowledge panel entry. People card Add a card about yourself to Google search results (only available for users in certain countries). Digital content Google Books and eBooks Promote your books online and sell your titles through our eBook store. Scholar Include scholarly works in Google's academic index. Google News Appear in Google News search results, or provide digital editions for subscription. Local information Geo Data Upload If you are an authoritative or official source of regional data, publish it through Google. Photo Sphere Photograph and share the world with 360° pictures. Street View Provide a panoramic virtual tour of your property. Transit Partner Program Encourage use of public transit by making it easy to locate routes, schedules and fares. Media Geo Data Upload If you are an authoritative or official source of regional data, publish it through Google. Video on Google Search Make your videos findable and crawlable by Google Search. YouTube Upload, distribute, and monetize your videos. Podcast Add your podcast to Google Podcasts. Send feedback Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Last updated 2022-11-22 UTC. [{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "missingTheInformationINeed", "label":"Missing the information I need" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "tooComplicatedTooManySteps", "label":"Too complicated / too many steps" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "outOfDate", "label":"Out of date" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "samplesCodeIssue", "label":"Samples / code issue" },{ "type": "thumb-down", "id": "otherDown", "label":"Other" }] [{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "easyToUnderstand", "label":"Easy to understand" },{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "solvedMyProblem", "label":"Solved my problem" },{ "type": "thumb-up", "id": "otherUp", "label":"Other" }] Need to tell us more? Podcast Listen to our Search Off the Record podcast Blog Subscribe to our RSS feed Twitter Follow @googlesearchc on Twitter Get support Go to the help forum Submit a question for office hours More support resources Get updates Blog Twitter YouTube Resources Do you need an SEO? SEO Starter Guide Status of Search systems Search Console documentation Case Studies Tools Search Console Mobile-Friendly Test Rich Results Test PageSpeed Insights AMP Test Android Chrome Firebase Google Cloud Platform All products Terms Privacy Sign up for the Google Developers newsletter Subscribe English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch Español Español – América Latina Français Italiano Polski Português – Brasil Tiếng Việt Türkçe Русский العربيّة हिंदी ภาษาไทย 中文 – 简体 中文 – 繁體 日本語 한국어