Skip to main content Google Photos Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Photos Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Can't find your photos? Google Photos Delete or restore your photos & videos If you have turned on Back up and Sync, photos and videos you delete will stay in your trash for 60 days before they are deleted forever. Learn how to turn on Back up and Sync. Tip: To move all your photos to a different account, share your photo library with that account. Before you delete photos & videos Learn where photos and videos do and don’t get removed Items you delete from Google Photos are also removed from: photos.google.com and the Photos app on any synced devices Google Photos albums Some Google Photos movies. Learn more about deleted photos in movies. Shared albums and conversations you added them to Items you delete are not automatically removed from: Blogger YouTube Gmail Local storage when the files are downloaded on to iOS and Android 11 and up devices Delete photos & videos On your computer, go to photos.google.com. Point at the item you want to delete. At the top left, click Select . At the top right, click Delete Move to trash. Tip: If you backed up your photo or video before you delete it, it will stay in your trash for 60 days. To permanently delete photos and videos: On your computer, go to photos.google.com. Point at the item you want to permanently delete. At the top left, click Select . At the top right, click Delete permanently Delete. Restore photos & videos If you want to get a deleted item back, check your trash to find out if you can get it back. If your photo or video has already been backed up and you deleted it, it will remain in your Trash for 60 days. On your computer, go to photos.google.com. On the left, click Trash . Place your cursor over the photo or video you want to restore, then click Select . At the top right, click Restore Restore. That photo or video will be restored to your Google Photos Account and added back into any albums it was in. Don't find the photo or video? If a deleted photo or video isn't in trash, you can’t restore it. You won't be able to restore a photo if: You moved it to trash more than 60 days ago. You moved it to trash, then emptied your trash. You permanently deleted it from your trash. You permanently deleted it from your device’s Gallery app without backing it up first. To find and recover photos easily, turn on Back up and Sync. Important: If your Google Photos account is inactive for 2 years or you're over your storage limit, your content may be impacted. Learn more about this. Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad More Need more help? Try these next steps: Ask the Help Community Get answers from community experts true Help Create & edit photo albums Manage your suggestion cards Delete or restore your photos & videos Free up space on your device Move photos to archive Get info about your photos & surroundings Download photos or videos to your device Watch & manage your Memories View & edit your monthly Memories Transfer iCloud photos and videos to Google Photos Hide your sensitive photos & videos Import photos to your library Get More Storage. More storage across Google Drive, Gmail and Google Photos for you and your family. Access to Google experts. Family sharing option. Expanded storage. ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 105394 false false