Skip to main content Google Docs Editors Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Docs Editors Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Google Docs Editors Create, edit, and format Delete a document, spreadsheet, or presentation Delete a document, spreadsheet, or presentation Want to get more out of Google Docs for work or school? Sign up for a Google Workspace trial at no charge. You can delete a document, spreadsheet, or presentation from the Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides home screens. Put a file in the trash To remove a file, you can put it in your trash. Your file will stay there until you empty your trash. If you're the owner of the file, others can view it until you permanently delete the file. If you're not the owner, others can see the file even if you empty your trash. On your computer, open Google Docs, Sheets, or Slides. Next to the file you want to delete, click More Remove. The file will be moved to the trash section of Drive. Learn more about finding and recovering files in the “Trash” section of Drive. If you delete a shared document, spreadsheet, or presentation that you own, it will be completely removed from Drive for all collaborators, and they will no longer have access to the document. Before deleting a document, you may want to make someone else its owner so that others can still access it. Other ways to delete a file: With the file open: Click File Move to trash. In Drive: Click the name of the file, in the top right, click Remove . Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad More Need more help? Try these next steps: Ask the Help Community Get answers from community experts true Create, edit, and format Create a document Change how paragraphs & fonts look Add a numbered list, bulleted list, or checklist Copy and paste text and images Edit & view text from right to left Add a title, heading, or table of contents in a document Delete a document, spreadsheet, or presentation Suggest edits in Google Docs View document outlines, summaries, rulers, & non-printing characters Add or delete columns in a document Visit the Learning Center Using Google products, like Google Docs, at work or school? Try powerful tips, tutorials, and templates. Learn to work on Office files without installing Office, create dynamic project plans and team calendars, auto-organize your inbox, and more. ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service dansk‎Deutsch‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎français‎Indonesia‎italiano‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎čeština‎русский‎‏עברית‏العربيةमराठी‎हिन्दी‎தமிழ்‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 35 false false