Jump to content Welcome, Creators How things work Getting started on YouTube Everything you need to create and manage a channel. Building your community Tips & tricks to find, nurture, and build an audience. How to make money on YouTube Explore all ways you can get paid on YouTube. Growing your channel Tools to help you create, connect, and grow. Policies & Guidelines Get the explanations behind the rules. How to get involved How we support, recognize, and celebrate Creators. Top questions Level up as a Creator with YouTube Gaming How things work How to get involved Awards Let’s celebrate your hard work Creators pour their heart and soul into their videos, and we’re honored to celebrate them when they reach Creator Award subscriber milestones. Learn more about the Creator Awards below, or login to redeem your Creator Award. Get My Award Creator Awards FAQ 100K Subscribers Silver Creator Award 1 Million Subscribers Gold Creator Award 10 Million Subscribers Diamond Creator Award How it works YouTube Creator Awards 1. Eligibility review Creator Awards are given at YouTube's sole discretion and we only recognize creators that have played by the rules. Channels are subject to review before awards are issued. That means rewarding creators that keep their accounts in good standing without copyright strikes, community guideline violations, or artificially increased subscriber counts, among other criteria. 2. Claim your award If your channel's eligibility is approved, you'll get a notification on your Creator Studio within one week of passing a Creator Awards milestone. The notification will include a unique redemption code that you'll need to enter on our redemption portal. Once there, all you need to do is fill out your channel name and shipping information. 3. Shipping Once you've submitted all of your information, we'll begin handcrafting your Creator Award. Depending on where you live, it takes us 2-4 weeks to build and ship your award. You'll want to use this time to figure out where to hang it.