Skip to main content Sites Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Sites Starting September 1, 2021, classic Sites will not be viewable by others. Learn how to convert to new Sites today. Delete or restore your site You can delete any Google Site you own, or restore a Google Site you deleted. Tip: This section is for new Google Sites. Get help with classic Google Sites. Delete your site On a computer, open new Google Sites. On the site you want to delete, click More . Click Remove . To permanently delete your site, empty your Google Drive trash. Delete selected pages of your site On a computer, open a site in new Google Sites. At the right, click Pages. Next to the page you want to delete, click More . Click Delete. Tip: You can recover deleted pages by restoring to a previous version. Restore your site Google Sites are saved as files in Google Drive. To restore your site, you'll have to restore it from Google Drive. Learn how to restore your site. Classic Google Sites Tip: This section is for classic Google Sites. Get help with new Google Sites. Delete or restore your site Delete a site On a computer, open a site in classic Google Sites. Click Settings Manage Site. Click General Delete this site. To confirm that you want to delete the site, click Delete. Restore a site If you deleted your site within 30 days, you can restore it. On a computer, open a site in classic Google Sites. Click Deleted sites. Next to your deleted site, click Restore site. Reuse the web address of a deleted site You can permanently delete a site and reuse the web address. After a site is deleted permanently, you can’t restore it. Sign in to classic Google Sites. Click Deleted sites. Next to your deleted site, click Delete permanently. Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Need more help? Try these next steps: Ask the Help Community Get answers from community experts true Help Add or edit text & images Add & edit Announcement banners Add Google files, videos, website content, & more Change how your site looks Delete or restore your site Publish & share your site Review the latest changes to your site before publishing Invite others to edit your site Add gadgets, scripts & more to classic Sites Use a custom domain for your site ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service català‎Deutsch‎English (Australia)‎español‎français‎hrvatski‎italiano‎magyar‎Nederlands‎polski‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎Türkçe‎čeština‎русский‎українська‎हिन्दी‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 70 false false