Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation The Office of Student Integrity Main navigation Home About Contact Us Mission & Goals Staff Strategic Plan Policies Student Code of Conduct Academic Honor Code Alcohol & Drug Policy Good Samaritan/Medical Amnesty Provision Information Technology Sexual Misconduct Policy Announcements Process Academic Misconduct Process Academic Misconduct Sanctioning Guidelines Non-Academic Misconduct Process Sanctions Appeal Process For Students AlcoholEdu for Sanctions Choices Honor Advisory Council The Honor Code Student Conduct Panels Title IX VOICE For Faculty Expectations of Faculty Faculty Conference Resolution Preventing Misconduct Reporting a Case Syllabus Checklist FAQs Resources Background Checks Student Organization Conduct History Hazing Conduct History Annual Report of Statistics Link Directory Incident Referral Academic Conduct Referral Form Non-Academic Conduct Referral Form GT: Utility Links Translate Open Search Search Search Hazing Conduct History In compliance with the Georgia SB 85 "Max Gruver Act", beginning July 1, 2021, the Georgia Institute of Technology will publicly disclose administrative adjudications of hazing or hazing related convictions. This information will be posted within 15 calendar days of final adjudication or public notice of conviction and remain posted for a period of not less than five years. Records will include the name of any school organization involved, date(s) of occurrence, as well as a description of specific hazing related findings, sanctions, adjudications and convictions for any person or school organization. Additional Information regarding hazing can also be found in the Georgia Tech Policy Student Code of Conduct webpage. Report a Hazing Incident Make an Anonymous Hazing Report Sigma Alpha Epsilon Incident Date: 11-07-2022 Violations: Hazing. Sanction: Disciplinary Probation Disciplinary Probation means that the Student has been found responsible for violating the Institute’s Policy. Disciplinary Probation is for a specified period of time. Any further disciplinary violation may result in disciplinary action up to and including Expulsion. Sanction Status: Incomplete Notes: Disciplinary Probation: January 17, 2023 to December 22, 2023. Theta Xi Incident Date: 11-05-2021 Violations: Hazing. Sanction: Disciplinary Probation Disciplinary Probation means that the Student has been found responsible for violating the Institute’s Policy. Disciplinary Probation is for a specified period of time. Any further disciplinary violation may result in disciplinary action up to and including Expulsion. Sanction Status: Complete Notes: Disciplinary Probation Dates: February 15, 2022 to December 16, 2022 Pi Kappa Phi Incident Date: 9-15-2021 Violations: Hazing. Furnishing false information to any Institute Official. Sanction: Suspension Suspension means that the Student or Organization has been found responsible for violating the Institute’s Policy. Suspension is separation of the Student or Organization from the Institute for a specified period of time, after which the Student or Organization is eligible to return. Conditions for readmission may be specified by OSI or the Vice President for Student Life and Dean of Students. A suspended Student or Organization shall immediately leave campus and may not re-enter campus without prior approval from the Vice President for Student Life and Dean of Students. Students and Organizations on suspension are not permitted to enroll in classes at the Institute during their suspension. OSI will determine when the Respondent has met the requirements for readmission. Any further disciplinary violation may result in disciplinary action up to and including Expulsion. Sanction Status: Complete Notes: Suspension Dates: January 21, 2022 to December 16, 2022 Chi Phi Incident Date: 10-16-2020 Violations: Hazing. Sanction: Disciplinary Probation Disciplinary Probation means that the Student has been found responsible for violating the Institute’s Policy. Disciplinary Probation is for a specified period of time. Any further disciplinary violation may result in disciplinary action up to and including Expulsion. Sanction Status: Complete Phi Delta Theta Incident Date: 9-13-2019 Violations: Distribution of alcohol to underage person(s). Hazing. Sanction: Disciplinary Probation Disciplinary Probation means that the Student has been found responsible for violating the Institute’s Policy. Disciplinary Probation is for a specified period of time. Any further disciplinary violation may result in disciplinary action up to and including Expulsion. Sanction Status: Complete Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN