Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Retirement Benefits Breadcrumb Home All regular, benefit-eligible employees within the University System of Georgia, as a condition of employment must be enrolled in one of two available retirement plans. In addition to one of the required plans, USG offers supplemental retirement saving plans. Benefits Resources All regular, benefits eligible employees within the University System of Georgia, as a condition of employment, must be enrolled in one of the two available retirement plans. All non-exempt employees are enrolled in the Teachers Retirement System (TRS) plan per USG policy. Exempt employees can elect either the TRS or Optional Retirement Plan (ORP). For all exempt employees who are eligible to make a retirement plan election, this election must be completed through the Retirement@Work portal. If an election is not completed within 60 days of your hire date, you will default to an irrevocable enrollment in the Teachers Retirement System plan (TRS). If you elect the ORP plan there is a second required step to select a provider(s) and open an account. The three providers are Corebridge Financial (previously AIG), Fidelity, and TIAA. If no selection is made, the portal will automatically assign you to a TIAA default account, which can be changed at a future date, if desired. If TRS is elected no further action is needed. View this Mandatory Retirement Plan Election job aid for detailed instructions. USG Employees have the option to enroll in a supplemental retirement savings plan, in addition to their required retirement savings plan. Retirement@Work is the only way to access and enroll in one of the plans, select or change a vendor, and start or change contributions. These plan types are: 403(b) - available for both pre-tax and after-tax contributions 457(b) - available for both pre-tax and after-tax contributions There is no employer contribution to the voluntary plans. For additional information on the retirement and voluntary supplemental plans, please visit the USG Retirement Site or call 1-888-569-7055 (weekdays, 8 a.m. to 9 p.m. EST). You can also review the Retirement@Work User Guide. The site provides instructions for using the Retirement@Work portal for plan election, if eligible, and numerous resources. These resources include plan specific information, contribution limits and provider information and investment options. If you should need additional retirement plan information or have any difficulty accessing the Retirement@Work portal, please submit an online request for support in ServiceNow. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education