Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Employee Relations Breadcrumb Home The Employee Relations unit provides services campus-wide to employees and managers to create a positive work environment for everyone. Employee Relations focuses on promoting good management practices and workplace behaviors, positive working environments and relationships, and complying with human resources policies and procedures. Each unit/department has an assigned Employee Relations Representative. Employees are encouraged to contact their Human Resources Representative first with any human resources related questions or requests. Need Assistance? Call 404.385.1111 Email employee-relations@ohr.gatech.edu Workplace Disputes We recognize that workplace issues may arise; therefore, we provide support and services for work-related complaints regarding discrimination or harassment, as well as resources to assist in conflict management. Conflict Management When different ideas and interests collide, it can produce creativity, and formulation of alternative ideas Mediation Faculty and classified staff may seek the assistance of an informal mediation process Harassment and Discrimination The definition of harassment and Georgia Tech's complaint policy and procedures are available at the Discrimination page. Grievances and Appeal Process When disputes cannot be resolved through the normal administrative channels of the Institute More about Workplace Disputes Disability Services At Georgia Tech, individuals with disabilities have an equal opportunity to pursue education or employment and to have access to campus programs, activities, or services. If you are faculty, staff, or a visitor and you have a disability and need assistance, we are here to help. How do I know if I have a disability? What is a reasonable accommodation? What is the Americans with Disabilities Act(ADA)? Were can I find Workplace Accommodation Forms? Answers to these questions and more on the Disabilities Services page. Go to Disability Services Compliance Policies As a Georgia Tech employee, you are expected to review and comply with all Institute policies. Our staff is available to assist you in the explanation and interpretation of Georgia Tech's policies and procedures. Learn more about integrity and compliance at Georgia Tech. The following manuals, procedures, and more are available on the Compliance and Policies page. Human Resources Policy Manual Self Identification of Disabled and Veteran Status Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Affirmative Action (AA) Institute Alcohol and Drug Policy Unemployment Compensation What Is It? Unemployment insurance is temporary income for workers who are unemployed through no fault of their own. The funding for unemployment insurance benefits comes from taxes paid by employers. Employees do not pay any costs. Eligibility Eligibility for benefits is determined based on past wages, reason for job separation, availability, and job search requirements. Hearing Process Managers/supervisors who are involved in a hearing for a contested unemployment claim should contact their HR representative. *Courtesy of Georgia Department of Labor - Unemployment Filing a Claim Claims for unemployment insurance may be filed at any Georgia Department of Labor career center. When filing a claim, you should bring: Your social security number; a claim cannot be filed without a social security number Employer-issued separation letter or notice, if one was provided Names and addresses of all employers for the last eighteen months and the dates worked for each Proof of immigration status if not a U.S. citizen Personal check with account number and bank routing number if you want benefits deposited directly into a checking or savings account Claims are effective on the date they are filed and are not retroactive to the last day worked Race & Ethnicity Reporting Georgia Tech is beginning a “resurvey” effort with continuing students, faculty and staff – asking them to update their personal information to reflect the new categories. The following resources are available on the Race & Ethnicity Reporting page. How to update your information in TechWorks New Guidelines & Definitions FAQs Go to Race & Ethnicity Reporting Title IX at Georgia Tech</h2> At Georgia Tech, we want everyone to achieve their potential and this means sustaining an environment where there is equal opportunity for excellence. The following resources are available on the Title IX at GT page. Title IX Amendment of 1972 GT's Promising Practices Director of Compliance Go to Title IX at Tech Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education