Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search FMLA Breadcrumb Home The Family Medical Leave Act (FMLA) entitles eligible employees to take up to 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave each year. The employee must be employed for at least one year and have worked at least 1,250 hours during the previous 12 months. FMLA Process Summary Requesting FMLA Leave Employees requesting FMLA must submit an Extended Absence Request through the Employee Self Service portal in OneUSG Connect and provide the appropriate FMLA Certification form, if applicable, to GTHR Benefits. If an employee with a qualifying reason for FMLA does not initiate a request for FMLA, GTHR Benefits will send FMLA paperwork to the employee after the third full day of consecutive absence. The employee must return the certification form to GTHR Benefits within 15 calendar days. Notice of Eligibility After a request for FMLA has been received by GTHR Benefits, the employee will receive a Notice of Eligibility and Rights & Responsibilities Notice from GTHR Benefits advising them if they are eligible or not eligible for FMLA. This notice is emailed to the employee’s work email (or personal email given by the employee) within 5 business days of their request for FMLA leave. Review of Medical Certifications & Supporting Documents Employee must complete and return all required paperwork to the GTHR Benefits Leave Specialist assigned to them within 7 calendar days after being notified of any deficiencies in the required documentation. Designation Notice GTHR Benefits will issue a Designation Notice to employees that are eligible for FMLA within 5 business days which indicates the time they are taking is designated as FMLA and specifies the number of weeks, days, or hours (in the case of intermittent leave) that will be counted against their FMLA leave entitlement. Records GTHR Benefits will maintain FMLA paperwork in a file (separate from employee’s personnel file) for no less than three years. Leave Tracking FMLA leave is automatically tracked in the applicable, Absence System. Employees and supervisors should monitor the time keeping records for employees on leave to make sure that absences are reported correctly. GTHR Benefits should be made aware of information that is not reported correctly. Delivery of Forms to GTHR Benefits Completed forms may be delivered to the GTHR Benefits Extended Absence Team in two ways: Upload your documents to our confidential Dropbox by clicking HERE Fax to your documents to our confidential fax at (404)894-5549 To maintain privacy, please do not give FMLA or supporting medical documents to your department, supervisors, or other employees. Make an Appointment with GTHR Benefits Extended Absence Team To make a telephone or virtual appointment to speak with a Benefits Leave Specialist concerning your leave, click HERE. Employee Responsibilities Employees must notify their supervisor (or HR Representative) that they will need to take leave. Employees must enter their request for leave in the Employee Self Service (ESS) Portal and ensure that requested FMLA Certification Forms (if applicable) and other medical documents are returned to GTHR Benefits. Failure to provide the necessary requested documentation to GTHR Benefits may result in a delay in approval of FMLA leave. While on FMLA leave employees should periodically check in with their supervisor or HR Representative regarding their status and intent to return to work. Supervisor Responsibilities Should notify GTHR Benefits when they become aware that an employee may need FMLA, or when an employee has been absent 3 or more days due to illness or injury. Confirm that the employee has submitted their request for leave through the Employee Self Service (ESS) portal in OneUSG Connect. Supervisors (or HR Representative) should also notify GTHR when an employee has returned from leave. Additional Resources The below is a list of frequently asked questions about the FMLA. For more information, read the policy, attend a Be Well session on leave, or contact the GTHR leave specialist. FMLA Forms are located under Leave-Absence on the GTHR Forms & Guides website Read the Policy See the FAQs Access the Form Welcome a Child Be Well session Leaves of Absence Be Well session Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education