Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Perks & Programs Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech has a partnership with local, statewide and national businesses that offer discounts and other incentives to employees and students with valid University identification cards. As a Georgia Tech employee you can also take advantage of perks and programs through the USG and State of Georgia. USG Perks at Work Vendor Sign Up Team Georgia Employee Discounts Vendor FAQs Georgia Tech Perks and Programs Education & Family 529 Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan The 529 Georgia Higher Education Savings Plan offers numerous advantages: tax-free withdrawals, a range of investment options, no annual contribution limits, professional management of the funds saved, and more. Georgia Tech Summer & Break Camps Tech Wreck Day Camp at the Campus Recreation Center is a weekly camp offered for rising first- through eighth-grade children of faculty/staff or students. Incorporating recreation, fitness, and field trips to area locations, the camp creates a fun and fit school break for kids. Additionally, the R. Kirk Landon Learning Center and The Children’s Campus @ Georgia Tech provide week long summer and school-break day camps for children, up to 8 years old. On-Campus Childcare Georgia Tech has two on-campus child development centers providing a safe, nurturing and engaging environment for the children of its faculty, staff, and students, with tuition savings of up to 10% off community rates. On-Campus Professional Development Georgia Tech Human Resources offers core competency training for faculty and staff through Workplace Learning & Professional Development courses. Services include instructor-led classes, informal team collaborations, and online learning experiences. Tuition Assistance Educational assistance programs are available for Georgia Tech full-time employees and research titled faculty. These programs provide tuition and fee waivers or reimbursements for degree-seeking employees. Usit Babysitting Services USit is an on-demand babysitting app that connects highly vetted college students to busy parent professionals. Staff and Faculty receive $30 off their first Usit experience using the code “Gtech30”. Entertainment & Shopping Adorama Shop Adorama for a powerhouse lineup of cameras, lenses, cinematography gear, studio lighting, tripods, pro audio, computers, printers, and every cutting-edge accessory you need to create triumphant work. Employees can receive up to 15% off. Atlanta Hawks Employees can enjoy discounted tickets and special offers with code GATECH. Athletics Discounts Georgia Tech faculty and staff are eligible to receive free or discounted tickets for athletic Georgia Tech events. Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Show your BuzzCard and get a 10% discount on everything, including Starbucks! Biltmore Estate Get discounted daytime admission tickets to America's largest home with code sog. BJ's Wholesale Club Georgia Tech employees can enjoy 10% off a $50 annual membership fee. FREE second membership card for a household member and 3 FREE additional months. City Pass Receive an additional 10% off the already low City Pass prices. Ferst Center for the Arts Located in the heart of campus, employees can experience professional music, dance and theater performance through discounted tickets. From You Flowers From You Flowers is your one-stop destination to make someone smile with a gift for any occasion. Save 25% as an employee of Georgia Tech. Georgia State Parks Golf Courses Discover championship golf at affordable prices and see why Georgia State Park Golf Courses are known as “the sweetest deals in golf.” Use your BuzzCard to save $10 on a Club Card. Orlando Theme Park Discounts Exclusive discounts available to Georgia Tech employees for more than 500 Orlando-area lodging and attractions. Health & Wellness Be Well Benefits Education & Wellness Series Be Well is a free workshop series for employees to equip them with the tools they need to make smart wellness choices for themselves and their families. Campus Recreation Center Faculty and staff can enjoy one of the best campus recreation facilities in the country for as little at $24 a month. DePoe Eye Center Located in the Georgia Tech Student Center, the DePoe Eye Center offers complete eye care services. Employees receive 20% off frames. Employee Assistance Program The Employee Assistance Program is a confidential service that assists employees with addressing emotional, mental health and work-related concerns. The program is offered at no cost. Faculty and staff are eligible for toll-free access to licensed clinical professionals, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and up to four sessions per counseling issue and referral for a full range of personal, family and work concerns. Georgia Tech Dining Discount The faculty and staff meal plan comes with a 20% bonus and weekly and monthly retail promotions. G.I.T. FIT G.I.T. FIT, offered through Campus Recreation, helps you learn lifelong skills, increase fitness levels, and just have fun through more than 80 non-credit classes spanning martial arts to golf to personal training. Its mission is to provide the Georgia Tech community with opportunities to begin or continue a healthy lifestyle that lasts. Homer Rice Center for Sports Performance The Homer Rice Center for Sports Performance provides physical rehabilitation and chiropractic services to employees and students right on campus. Objective Wellness Objective Wellness develops powerful science-based formulas to keep you strong and feeling good. Use the CODE: (SHOP15) and receive 15% off any product to maintain your skin, energy, and sleep. Tech Dentistry Conveniently located on campus, Tech Dentistry's experienced specialists are waiting to help with your dental needs. Tobacco Cessation Support Georgia Tech Health Promotions is committed to providing and identifying resources to support current tobacco users’ efforts to quit through strategies like self-help quit guides, in-person and telephone counseling, and medication. The Wellness Spot The Wellness Spot offers monthly memberships, nutrition coaching, fitness classes, pilates, yoga, barre, strength, dance classes, line dancing, spa services- massages, facials, waxing, rekhi, pedicures, and manicures. Faculty, staff, and students receive a 15% discount using the code GATECH. Home Services ARIUM Westside Apartments Staff receive a waived $150 Admin fee during application process. Staff and Students are able to take advantage of any standing specials that are promoted at the time of applying. Guaranteed Rate Home mortgage company waiving all lender fees, up to $1,290 in savings. ICON Midtown Receive an additional $500 off at move-in. Provident Funding Enrollment in the Mortgage Benefit Program would mean a discount on closing costs. You can save up to $5,000 on top of our industry-leading rates. Provident Funding provides this competitive discount on any eligible home purchase or refinance of a primary residence, second home, or investment property. Discount amount varies based on the new loan amount and property state. Senior/Assisted Living Receive 7.5% off monthly fee/basic service rate and 10% off private duty home care. Assisted living and respite care discounts vary. TransUnion Smart Move TransUnion SmartMove allows renters to seamlessly provide all necessary information, such as comprehensive credit reports, criminal background checks, etc., to landlords when submitting a housing application. Most importantly, SmartMove protects your personal information. Receive 20% off using the discount code: GTSave20. Legal & Financial Services Bank at Work Georgia Tech has partnered with three banks to offer discounted and/or premier services to employees. Save time and money when dealing with your personal finances. Georgia United Credit Union Members receive competitive rates and an unparalleled member service experience, in addition to member-exclusive discounts and rewards. Learn more LifeSuite Services LifeSuite Services are designed to help you in times of need — Legal, Financial, and Grief. Examples include assistance drafting and reviewing legal documents such as wills, power of attorney and health care directives and guidance from accredited financial consultants regarding credit management, budgeting, mortgage/refinancing, retirement/401(k) and basic estate planning. Username: lfg Password: resources You Decide Get quick and easy access to financial planning services and auto, home, renters and pet insurance through You Decide. The discount client ID is GT211. Miscellaneous Day Translations Employees can receive 10% off professional translation and interpreting services by using code “gatech10”. Foam Core Print Receive 10% off already wholesale prices for large format printing services. Tomedes Translation Services Use code AWESOMETOM for a 10% discount on language, interpretation and translation services. This can be used by students and researchers to aide them in their their research and studies. On-Campus Offers Athletics Discounts Georgia Tech faculty and staff are eligible to receive free or discounted tickets for athletic Georgia Tech events. Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Show your BuzzCard and get a 10% discount on everything, including Starbucks! Be Well Benefits Education & Wellness Series Be Well is a free workshop series for employees to equip them with the tools they need to make smart wellness choices for themselves and their families. Campus Recreation Center Faculty and staff can enjoy one of the best campus recreation facilities in the country for as little at $24 a month. DePoe Eye Center Located in the Georgia Tech Student Center, the DePoe Eye Center offers complete eye care services. Employees receive 20% off frames. Employee Assistance Program The Employee Assistance Program is a confidential service that assists employees with addressing emotional, mental health and work-related concerns. The program is offered at no cost. Faculty and staff are eligible for toll-free access to licensed clinical professionals, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and up to four sessions per counseling issue and referral for a full range of personal, family and work concerns. Employee Resource Groups Join one of Georgia Tech's six Employee Resource Groups (ERG), organized around common dimensions of diversity. ERGs are designed to offer forums where like-minded employees can enhance their employment experiences. Ferst Center for the Arts Located in the heart of campus, employees can experience professional music, dance and theater performance through discounted tickets. Georgia Tech Citizen's Police Academy The Georgia Tech Citizen's Police Academy is offered twice a year to inform citizens about how the department operates and educate about issues facing campus law enforcement efforts at Georgia Tech. The free course is open to faculty, staff and students. Georgia Tech Dining Discount The faculty and staff meal plan comes with a 20% bonus and weekly and monthly retail promotions. Georgia Tech Summer & Break Camps Tech Wreck Day Camp at the Campus Recreation Center is a weekly camp offered for rising first- through eighth-grade children of faculty/staff or students. Incorporating recreation, fitness, and field trips to area locations, the camp creates a fun and fit school break for kids. Additionally, the R. Kirk Landon Learning Center and The Children’s Campus @ Georgia Tech provide week long summer and school-break day camps for children, up to 8 years old. G.I.T. FIT G.I.T. FIT, offered through Campus Recreation, helps you learn lifelong skills, increase fitness levels, and just have fun through more than 80 non-credit classes spanning martial arts to golf to personal training. Its mission is to provide the Georgia Tech community with opportunities to begin or continue a healthy lifestyle that lasts. Homer Rice Center for Sports Performance The Homer Rice Center for Sports Performance provides physical rehabilitation and chiropractic services to employees and students right on campus. On-Campus Childcare Georgia Tech has two on-campus child development centers providing a safe, nurturing and engaging environment for the children of its faculty, staff, and students, with tuition savings of up to 10% off community rates. On-Campus Professional Development Georgia Tech Human Resources offers core competency training for faculty and staff through Workplace Learning & Professional Development courses. Services include instructor-led classes, informal team collaborations, and online learning experiences. Paper & Clay (Student Center) Georgia Tech customers are eligible for reduced print pricing Parking and Transportation Get $100 off your annual discounted parking pass just for carpooling. Rent Tech Rec Think of Tech Rec for your next party, meeting or organizational get-together. It's the perfect place to bring groups of all ages and can be rented by the recreational area (bowling, billiards, gaming lounge or multi-purpose room) or by the entire facility. Special rates for Georgia Tech employees. Tech Dentistry Conveniently located on campus, Tech Dentistry's experienced specialists are waiting to help with your dental needs. Tobacco Cessation Support Georgia Tech Health Promotions is committed to providing and identifying resources to support current tobacco users’ efforts to quit through strategies like self-help quit guides, in-person and telephone counseling, and medication. Tuition Assistance Educational assistance programs are available for Georgia Tech full-time employees and research titled faculty. These programs provide tuition and fee waivers or reimbursements for degree-seeking employees. Technology AT&T Sponsorship Program New and existing customers can receive special deals and discounts up to 20% for cellular service through AT&T. Use promo code: FAN:110128 Computer Discounts Online discounts are available from Dell, Apple and Lenovo computers for full-time employees. Software Discounts The USG's Software Resources and Services website offers affordable, brand name software and services for work or personal computers. T-Mobile Wireless Benefits Save up to $900 on Magenta Plus when you switch to T-Mobile. Plan includes Unlimited Talk, Text & Data as well as Netflix! Employee discount is combinable with other limited time offers! Visit:t-mo.co/2X0E4ZM or Email: Kristin.A.Martin@T-Mobile.com Verizon Georgia Tech employees can receive a 15% discount on Verizon services. Transportation & Travel Avis Car Rental Employees can save up to 25% on every rental whenever you make reservations using the Avis Worldwide Discount. View flyer for more detail. BMW Through our partnership with BMW, Group Fleet pricing is available nationwide, allowing you to leverage Corporate Fleet Discounts on the purchase or lease of most BMW and MINI models Booking.com Employees can save up to 40% on select hotels. Click here for more information. Budget Car Rental Employees can save up to 25% on every rental whenever you make reservations using the Budget. Click here for details. CobbLinc The CobbLinc express bus provides services from Cobb County into midtown and downtown Atlanta Monday through Friday for a 9% discount for faculty/staff. Crowne Plaza Midtown Employees receive discounted rate of $127/night. Provide discount code 000189782. Dream Vacations Receive minimum $25 on-board credit per stateroom for all cruises in a Balcony or higher accommodation. Mention code SAV4U. FastPark & Relax Enjoy discounted airport parking ($9.77/day compared to $11.50/day), emergency car service and complimentary luggage assistance with FastPark. All parking is covered and located three minutes from the international terminal (although use for domestic flights is easy if you are traveling with carry-on luggage only). Ford As an employee of Georgia Tech, you are eligible to participate in the Partner Recognition X-Plan Vehicle Pricing Program! The login partner code is GTECH. GRTA Express Georgia Tech GRTA Xpress Bus passes are available for faculty/staff only via payroll deduction. Gwinnett County Transit Gwinnett County Transit passes are available for faculty/staff only via payroll deduction. Passes may be picked up in the BuzzCard Center. Hertz See flyer for discounts. Hotels.com Employees can save up to 8% on select hotels. Click here for details. Jeeps Are Us Receive discounts when shopping online by using code “5off”. MARTA Passes Discount MARTA passes are available via pre-tax payroll deduction. Log into TechWorks to select your voluntary payroll deductions for MARTA under Payroll and Compensation. Number 1 Auto Transport Number 1 Auto Transport is a nationwide car shipping company that specializes in shipping cars across the country. Staff, faculty and students can receive a 10% discount off any car shipping reservation fee nationwide by using code Gatech10. Parking and Transportation Get $100 off your annual discounted parking pass just for carpooling. Southwest Airlines Receive a discount rate of 13% off on Anytime fares and 5% off on Wanna Get Away fares. Log-in with personal Rapid Rewards membership username and password. Use company ID: 99319894 swabiz.com Staybridge Suites Employees receive a discounted rate of $149/night for all suites with breakfast included. Use code 000189782. Worldwide Emergency Travel Assistance All benefits-eligible USG employees (and their dependents) traveling for less than 90 days (on either business or pesonal travel), automatically have basic medical, evacuation, repatriation, and security evacuate (ERS) at no cost. This emergency travel assistance is provided by AXA Assistance through MetLife. If you are enrolled in a USG healthcare plan you also have limited travel benefits available through Kaiser Travel Support or Blue Cross Blue Shield Global Core. ZipCar Employees enjoy discounted rates on Zipcar. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education