Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Open Enrollment Breadcrumb Home Open Enrollment: Oct. 24 to Nov. 4 USG benefits are centered around you to help you balance your health, work, and financial well-being goals. Choose from an array of benefits and programs for 2022. Attend the system-wide Virtual Benefits Fair, review your options, and enroll by November 4. Now is the time to start exploring and creating an experience Centered on You! This is an active enrollment year! Which means you are required to take action if you want healthcare coverage for 2023. Visit the USG Benefits Website to learn more. Be sure to complete your certifications to avoid tobacco, and working spouse surcharges! Georgia Tech Virtual OE Info Sessions In addition to the USG virtual benefits fair, Georgia Tech Human Resources (GTHR) will host virtual information sessions. Thursday, October 27 | 10 to 11 a.m. Wednesday, November 2 | 11 a.m. to 12 p.m. GTHR Contact Information We are here to help. If you have questions, please contact GTHR Benefits team at 404-894-4847 or visit ServiceNow. To make an appointment with a GTHR Benefits Counselor, click here. Open Enrollment Resources Board of Regents August Board Meeting Premiums Announcement Memo 2023 Comparison Guide for plans and prices 2023 Open Enrollment Newsletter 2023 USG Open Enrollment Presentation USG Virtual Benefits Fair USG will hold a virtual system-wide benefits fair. Join live presentations, chat with vendors and get benefits enrollment and sign up for raffles. Registration for the fair and specific live events are available on the Virtual Benefits Fair website. Learn More Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Shared Sick Leave Program Did you know employees may voluntarily donate unused sick leave to the Georgia Tech Shared Leave Pool? Open Enrollment, October 24 through November 4, is your opportunity to make a donation to the Share Sick Leave Pool for calendar year 2023. For enrollment, eligibility, and information about eligibility and how the program works, visit hr.gatech.edu/shared-sick-leave. If you wish to join the shared sick leave pool, you must meet the following criteria to be eligible: Completion of your provisional employment period First time participants must donate a minimum of 8 hours sick leave during open enrollment (October 24 – November 4) AND Have a minimum 48 hours remaining in your sick leave balance on January 1, 2023, in order to maintain the required 40-hour sick leave balance after your donation is processed in January. Already a Member? If you are already a member of the Shared Sick Leave pool this is a reminder that although you are not required to donate additional sick leave to remain in the pool, you may donate up to 80 sick leave hours during the upcoming open enrollment period and retain a minimum of 48-hour sick leave balance on January 1, 2023. If you plan on retiring next year, now is the time to donate the sick leave you will not use, as you are not able to at the time of retirement, only during open enrollment. For more information about this program, visit the USG Shared Sick Leave Program policy. If you have questions please contact GTHR Benefits at (404) 385-2377. Upcoming Open Enrollment Events Include" the USG Virtual Benefits Fair. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education