Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Onboarding Breadcrumb Home You'll be working at one of the nation's top research universities, distinguished by its commitment to improving the human condition through advanced science and technology. Our campus occupies 450 acres in the heart of the city of Atlanta, where more than 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students receive a focused, technologically based education. As a newly hired employee, you will receive an email from the Equifax Compliance Center with instructions for completing an electronic onboarding process. Once the process is complete, you will be prompted to complete further action including the steps below. Make an Appointment Once the Online New Hire Packet has been completed, you will receive an email with instructions to complete the I-9 and the Loyalty Oath. To start work at Georgia Tech, you need to complete the I-9 process. You will need to go to the ASC Walk-up facility in person to complete the Form I-9. Plan at least 30 minutes. Walk-ins without an appointment are welcome but may have to wait. (This appt. may have been made on your behalf; check with your manager.) Learn More Review Your Benefits Georgia Tech offers a wide variety of benefits – everything from health and welfare to discounts on the latest technology. If you're benefits-eligible, remember you only have 30 days to make selections! Learn More Complete Your Training The Institute requires new employees to complete the New Hire Learning and Compliance program, which includes online tutorials designed to address many of the most pressing risks facing modern universities. Learn More Attend NEE After you’re hired as a benefits-eligible employee, make sure you attend New Employee Experience. The first session includes a campus tour, lunch, and insight on how the campus runs. Learn More Review Your Homepage Use the Employee HR Homepage to learning how things work, like the logistics behind your paycheck or how salaries are determined. Or review the necessary steps to prepare for life events, like family changes, returning to school or taking extended leave. We provide directions to it all. View the Homepage Special Notes The onboarding process may be different if you're a student or a rehire. Click below to learn more. Student Employees Rehires Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education