Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Breadcrumb Home With the state of Georgia’s recent expansion of the criteria for vaccine eligibility, many at Georgia Tech are taking advantage of the opportunity. To accommodate faculty and staff the University System of Georgia (USG) temporarily reinstated the use of Non-Closure Emergency Leave for eligible employees receiving a Covid-19 vaccination. The policy is effective as of March 31, 2021 and will expire at the conclusion of the Public Health State of Emergency declared in the Governor’s Executive Order. Below we outline the proper use, process, procedure, and eligibility requirements of the Non-Closure Emergency Leave. When to Use Non-Closure Emergency Leave Under this temporary provision, eligible Georgia Tech employees may: Take up to eight hours (pro-rated for part-time employees) of Non-Closure Emergency Leave for the purpose of receiving a Covid-19 vaccine. This 8-hour time period is the total time that can be taken for both the first, second, and booster dose of the vaccine. Take up to 16 hours (pro-rated for part-time employees) of Non-Closure Emergency Leave if they receive a Covid-19 vaccine and experience any side effects that prohibit them from performing their duties of employment. Eligibility for Non-Closure Emergency Leave Employees eligible for Non-Closure Emergency Leave include: Regular full-time (paid biweekly or paid monthly), and Regular part-time (paid biweekly or paid monthly). Note: Part-time employees working 20 to 29 hours per week or .5 FTE to .74 FTE are eligible for non-closure hours on a pro-rated basis. Employees not eligible for Non-Closure Emergency Leave include: Temporary employees, Student employees, and Rehired retirees. Process and Procedures To use Non-Closure Emergency Leave, eligible employees must: Provide proof of vaccination (appointment confirmation is acceptable) to GTHR Benefits team confidential Dropbox. Request the leave through their supervisor in accordance with the Institute’s leave procedures. The GTHR Benefits team will contact the employee's manager of record to confirm receipt of documentation and verify next steps. We will not require medical documentation for leave taken as a result of vaccine side effects if it is taken within the first several days after being vaccinated. Please note: Vaccine cards contain private information. Do not share or provide your vaccine card. If an employee has exhausted Non-Closure Emergency Leave balances, they may use other available leave as appropriate. Applicable Time Reporting Codes Managers or practitioners must update time using Manager Self-Service in OneUSG Connect for eligible (non-GTRI) employees receiving Non-Closure Emergency Leave with the following Time Reporting Codes (TRC): 00NSP (MNTH Non-Closure Emer Leave) for eligible exempt workers (paid monthly) 00NHP (BIWK Non-Closure Emer Leave) for eligible non-exempt workers (paid biweekly) GTRI Employees should charge their time for this purpose to V0200.00.00.04.0002. For additional information, contact your unit’s Human Resources Business Partner or representative or visit the HR portal in services.gatech.edu where you can access knowledge materials, submit requests, and report incidents directly. Frequently Asked Questions How are these hours requested or entered? The manager enters and approves Non-Closure Emergency Leave after confirmation from GTHR benefits. For guidance, review the following knowledge article in OneUSG Connect: What is USG's Guidance on Reporting Non-Closure Emergency Leave? Applicable Time Reporting Codes Managers or practitioners must update time using Manager Self-Service in OneUSG Connect for eligible (non-GTRI) employees receiving Non-Closure Emergency Leave with the following Time Reporting Codes (TRC): 00NSP (MNTH Non-Closure Emer Leave) for eligible exempt workers (paid monthly) 00NHP (BIWK Non-Closure Emer Leave) for eligible non-exempt workers (paid biweekly) GTRI Employees should charge their time for this purpose to V0200.00.00.04.0002. How should I show proof to my supervisor? Eligible employees are to inform their supervisor that they need time of. However, proof of vaccination appointment should be submitted to the GTHR Extended Absence Team and not the supervisor. Provide proof of vaccination (appointment confirmation is acceptable) via the confidential Dropbox. Please note: Vaccine cards contain private information. Do not share or provide your vaccine card. I received my Covid-19 vaccination after March 31st and used my sick days because I felt ill. Can my time be adjusted by my advisor? Yes, you can cancel your sick hours (up to 16 hours) and your supervisor or manager can enter your time as non-closure pay. What if I received the vaccination on March 28th, can I go back and use that Non-Closure Emergency Leave instead of my accrued leave? The Non-Closure Emergency Leave cannot be backdated prior to the Governor’s executive order, which went into effect March 31, 2021. I received the vaccine on May 29th and was sick for a week. Can I use this leave? You may use 16 hours of Non-Closure Emergency Leave, beginning on March 31, 2021. You may use any accrued leave for the remaining time from work. Proof of the vaccination will be required for leave under the Non-Closure Emergency Leave process. Is there a form? A form is not required. Non-Closure Leave is enabled in OneUSG Connect Manager Self-Service (MSS) by selecting the “Report/Approve Time” option in Team Time. If an employee is sick, should they report Non-Closure Emergency Leave? No. Non-Closure Emergency Leave is only to be used for employees who are unable to telework and who are not performing required on-campus services and operations. Sick or Vacation Leave Accrual should be used for time away from work. If an employee has accrued compensatory time, it should be used first prior to the employee using accrued sick or vacation leave. If an employee is on leave, will they be locked out of time reporting on OneUSG Connect? No, the employee will have full access. How do we report for salaried or hourly employees who are Non-Closure Emergency Leave ineligible and who were unable to work during the period 3/16 - 3/30, prior to the Non-Closure Emergency Leave? The employee’s accrued leave (i.e. compensatory time, sick, vacation) should be used for this time period. How do we manage retired-but-working (RBW) employees who cannot perform their duties? RBWs as well as temporary and student employees are not eligible for Non-Closure Emergency Leave. Will employees receiving Non-Closure Emergency Leave continue to accrue leave? Yes, employees will continue to accrue leave while using Non-Closure Emergency Leave. Will employees receiving Non-Closure Emergency Leave pay continue to receive retirement service credits and contribute to their retirement plans or will it be prorated? Non-Closure Emergency Leave pay will be subject to retirement contributions. I am a Graduate student currently working on campus. Am I eligible for Non-Closure Emergency Leave? GRA and GTA are students and are not eligible for Non-Closure Emergency Leave. I am a part-time employee working 50% time. Am I eligible for the same amount of Non-Closure Emergency Leave as a full-time employee? A part-time employee who works 50% time would be eligible to take up to 4 hours if Non-Closure Emergency Leave for the purpose of receiving a Covid-19 vaccine. This 4-hour time period is the total time that can be taken for both the second and first dose of vaccine. They can take up to 8 hours of Non-Closure Emergency Leave if they receive a Covid-19 vaccine and experience any side effects that prohibit them from performing their duties of employment. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education