Skip to main content Google Chrome Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Chrome Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Google Chrome If you're new to iPhone, get helpful tips to use Chrome with this step-by-step guide. Sign in & sync in Chrome To save your info to your Google Account, turn on sync. Important: Only turn on Chrome sync with devices that you own. If you use a public computer, use guest mode instead. When you sync You can find and update your synced info on all your devices, like bookmarks, history, passwords, and other settings. You can sign in automatically to Gmail, YouTube, Search, and other Google services. If you’re signed in before sync is turned on, you'll stay signed in. If you change devices, like if you lose your phone or get a new laptop, you can get your synced info back. If you turn on Web & App Activity, you can personalize your experience in other Google products with your Chrome history. To help us build products better suited for all demographics, Chrome may combine declared age and gender information from your Google Account with our statistics. This information is used only in aggregate form. Learn more about Chrome's privacy policy. Sign in & turn on sync To turn on sync, you must have a Google Account. On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right, click Profile . Sign in to your Google Account. If you want to sync your info across all your devices, click Turn on sync Turn on. Tip: If you want to sync more than one account or share your computer with others, learn how to add a profile in Chrome. Customize what you sync When you turn on sync, all your profile information, like bookmarks, history, and passwords, automatically saves to your Google Account. You can find your Chrome info on all your devices. If you don't want to sync everything, you can change what info to save. On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right, click More Settings. Click You and Google Sync and Google services. Under “Sync,” click Manage what you sync. Turn off Sync everything. Turn off any data that you don’t want to sync to your account. Sign out & turn off sync If you turn off sync, you can still find your bookmarks, history, passwords, and other settings on your computer. If you make any changes, they aren't saved to your Google Account and synced to your other devices. When you turn off sync, you're also signed out of other Google services, like Gmail. On your computer, open Chrome. At the top right, click Profile Sync is on. Click Turn off. To delete synced info from your Google Account: On your computer, open Chrome. Go to chrome.google.com/sync. Scroll to Clear Data and click it. To sign out and turn off your Chromebook, learn how to sign out and turn it off. When you sign in to your Google Account through a Google service, like Gmail, you're automatically signed in to Chrome. If you don’t want to sign in to Chrome, you can turn off Chrome sign-in. Related resources Sign out of Chrome Get your bookmarks, history & other info across devices Use Chrome with multiple profiles Browse Chrome as a guest Choose which Google features you use in Chrome Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad More true Help Import bookmarks & settings Personalize your New Tab page in Chrome Open Chrome quickly on your phone or tablet Use Chrome with multiple profiles Tips & tricks for Chrome Set your homepage and startup page Create, view & edit bookmarks Get your bookmarks, passwords & more on all your devices Use passwords across your devices Browse Chrome as a guest Google Chrome tips From productivity to customization, learn how to get things done more quickly with your browser. ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 237 false false