Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Health & Welfare Benefits Breadcrumb Home Benefits As a Georgia Institution, Georgia Tech is one of the 28 schools under the University System of Georgia (USG) umbrella. Your health and welfare benefits are provided through USG, which includes healthcare, dental, vision, and retirement plan options for employees working 30 hours per week or more on a regular basis. All USG employees are covered by workers’ compensation, and certain employees also qualify for Social Security participation. Your USG benefits are administered through OneUSG Connect. You may elect, change, view, or request support through the OneUSG Connect – Benefits website or OneUSG Connect – Benefits Call Center. Need more Assistance? Visit ServiceNow Benefits Resources 2022 USG Coverage options 2022 Comparison Guide for plans and prices Meet with a Georgia Tech Benefits Counselor OneUSG Connect – Benefits Online: Visit oneusgconnect.usg.edu. Select "Manage My Benefits", Click "Enroll in Benefits" Phone: Dial 844-587-4236, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. EST, Monday - Friday Benefits Will be Effective The date of hire if hired on the first day of the month (e.g., July 1 or Aug. 1) The first day of the following month if the hire date is any day other than the first (e.g., July 2 or Aug. 13) Benefits Eligibility There are three types of employees and types of employment that are used to determine benefits eligibility. Full Benefits Eligible: This is defined as 30 or more hours per week or .75 FTE and greater, which applies to regular faculty and regular staff employees. Full benefits include all benefits in accordance with University System of Georgia of Board of Regents policy 8.2.9 Insurance. Partial Benefits Eligible: This is defined as 20 to 29 hours per week or .5 FTE to .74 FTE. Partial benefits eligible may apply to regular faculty and regular staff employees. Partial benefits include retirement and pro-rated leave accruals. Non-Benefits Eligible: This is defined as 19 or less hours per week (.49 FTE or less), which applies to regular faculty and staff employees. Non-benefits eligible also includes temporary faculty, staff, and student employees who may not work more than 1,300 hours in a 12 month period as defined later in this policy. Students may not be placed into a regular status. Life Event Changes If you experience a life event, such as marriage, divorce, or the birth of a child, you may be eligible to make changes to your current benefit elections. To make changes, visit the OneUSG Connect - Benefits website (accessible via TechWorks, click the doctor icon). Per IRS regulations, benefit changes are normally allowed only during the annual enrollment period between October and November. However, certain changes to your family or work status, may allow you to make mid-year benefit changes. Regulations require changes be made within 30 days of your life changing event, which is also the effective date of your benefit changes. If you are changing your name, click here. When you have a qualified life event, may make any change related to the life event — for example, if you have a baby, you may add the new child to your plan but you cannot add a spouse. Changes not made within 30 days of the event will have to wait until annual enrollment. Visit the OneUSG Connect - Benefits website for a list of qualified life events. Additional Georgia Tech Benefits Delta Dental HMO Offered provided through Delta Dental. To enroll, use OneUSG Connect – Benefits to select this plan within your first 30 days or during Open Enrollment. View the plan or access the claim form. Learn More about Your Benefits Affordable Care Act The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was created by the federal government to make medical insurance available to all Americans. Beginning January 1, 2014, the ACA requires all individuals to have health insurance coverage. Employees who do not have insurance through their workplace or a government plan such as Medicare can enroll in insurance through the federal Health Insurance Marketplace. This notice is provided to all Georgia Tech faculty, staff, student, and temporary employees upon hiring. View USG Notice The Health Insurance Marketplace is designed to help individuals find health insurance that meets their needs and budget. Visit The Marketplace Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education