Skip to main content Google Account Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Account Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Get Started with Google Account Google Account Manage your information Change the phone number on your account & how it's used Change the phone number on your account & how it's used You can add, update, or remove phone numbers on your Google Account. Phone numbers are used for different reasons, and you have controls to manage how your numbers are used. Important: It may take a week before you can use your new phone number to verify it's you for sensitive actions like changing your password. Add, update or remove phone number In your Google Account, open the Personal info tab. Select Contact info Phone number your phone number. From here you can: Add your phone number: Next to phone, select Add a recovery phone to help keep your account secure. Select the country associated with your phone number from the drop-down menu and enter your phone number. Change your phone number: Next to your number, select Edit Update number. Delete your phone number: Next to your number, select Delete Remove number. In the box that appears, follow the instructions. Note: Changing the number in your Google Account only affects some Google services. Find out how to change your number for other Google services. How phone numbers are used As part of some Google services Your phone number is connected to certain Google services that you've set up or used. To see some services that use your phone number, check the Phone section of your Google Account. To learn more or make changes, click or tap the service. Other Google services that use phone numbers might not be listed on that page. You can change your number in certain services' settings, like the ones below: 2-Step Verification Calendar: Learn how phone numbers are used Chrome: Learn how phone numbers are used Google Pay Google My Business Change how your number is used To see your options for a certain service, go to its settings. If you need help, visit support.google.com. Make sign-in & account recovery easier You can use your phone number to: Sign in to your account in certain places. Learn how to sign in with your phone number. Get back into your account if you have trouble signing in. For example, you can get a text with a code to reset your password. Learn more about recovery phone numbers. Help people get in touch with you You can manage who sees your phone number. To change who can view your number, go to About me. Learn how your phone number can help people find and connect with you on Google services. To change these settings, go to the Phone section of your Google Account. Turn "Better ads & Google services" on or off This setting lets your phone number to be used across Google services to show you ads more relevant to you. If you don’t want personalized ads, turn off the setting. Open your Google Account. On the left or at the top, click Personal info. In the "Contact info" section, click Phone. Select the phone number that you want to make changes to. Under "Preferences," turn on or off "Better ads and Google services." Tip: If turned on, "Across Google" appears under the Usage section. Improve your experience across Google If "Across Google" is listed on your "Phone" page, this number can be used across Google services. Check if your number is used this way Go to the Phone section of your Google Account. Next to "Usage," look for "Across Google." Stop using your number across Google Go to the Phone section of your Google Account. Next to your number, select Delete Remove number. Go to the Recovery phone section of your Google Account and re-add your number. To keep using your number in other Google services, go to those services and re-add it. Verify your phone number When you set up a Google Account, you can let Google know your phone's number. If you do, we'll verify that the number is yours, and we'll try to re-verify it from time to time to make sure that it's still yours. Learn more about verifying your number. Google doesn’t sell your personal information, including your phone number, to anyone. To learn more, visit privacy.google.com. Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Computer AndroidiPhone & iPad More Need more help? Try these next steps: Ask the Help Community Get answers from community experts true Manage your information Verify your Google Account Check for an account that exists Change your Google Account picture, name & other info Set up a recovery phone number or email address Change the phone number on your account & how it's used Change the email address for your account Get a summary of data in your Google Account How to download your Google data Copy your photos to a service outside of Google Manage contact info from your devices Change who's saved & suggested as contacts Save, manage & protect your passwords Manage your online reputation Use passwords across your devices Block or unblock people's accounts Create or change your Google Account PIN Find your purchases, reservations & subscriptions Manage your Brand Account Manage business personalization for your Google Account Remove products Delete your Gmail service Change who manages your Brand Account Manage your Google payment info Manage app info from your devices Delete your verification data Manage emails from Google services ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎Gaeilge‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Malti‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏اردو‏العربية‏فارسیनेपाली‎मराठी‎हिन्दी‎বাংলা‎தமிழ்‎తెలుగు‎සිංහල‎ไทย‎ລາວ‎ქართული‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 70975 false false