Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administrative Excellence Breadcrumb Home Main navigation Home About Initiatives The ASC HR Transformation Process Improvement Quick Wins Activity & Opportunity Survey Training FAQs Submit a Suggestion Contact Us </nav> Open Search Search Search Process Improvement The Approach A key part of the Administrative Excellence effort is improving administrative processes. The goals of process improvement are to: Reduce the steps required of the end-user Minimize waste and complexities in the process Prepare processes for inclusion in the ASC This work is conducted in partnership with volunteer representatives from units across campus. Each process area up for improvement has its own working group consisting of Co-Leads and Team Members. Review Hiring Quick Wins Learn More Process Improvement Working Groups Hiring December 2021 - March 2022 View: Project Team Status: This team is reviewing the end-to-end hiring process that includes recruitment, selection, and onboarding for all types of employees. The scope of work covered in this process improvement effort includes: Faculty Hiring Tenure track faculty Non tenure track faculty Visiting faculty Research faculty Staff Hiring Staff Tech Temps Student Hiring Undergraduate Graduate Affiliate Hiring All affiliate types Other Hiring Dual Career Hires (Spousal Hiring) Retired but Working (RBW) Employment Verification/Records September 2021- November 2021 View: Project Team Status: Design the Future Process The process improvement activities for employment verification/records is underway and the team is currently working through designing the future process. Brainstorming and evaluation has unveiled many opportunities for improvement that are being categorized by items that can be quickly implemented vs those that may take a larger lift and additional resources. Faculty Offer April 2021- October 2021 View: Project Team Status: Implement and Sustain Improvements Limited scope faculty hiring process, focusing on negotiation and offer stages. Project will gather data to map current state, identify wastes, and introduce quick wins with high impact to significantly reduce processing times. View detailed update of improvements and changes identified during the process. Foreign National Processing & International Assignments September 2021- November 2021 View: Project Team Status: Implement and Sustain Improvements The process improvement activities for foreign national and international assignment processing is underway and the team is currently working through designing the future process. Student Hiring July 2021- March 2022 Learn more about the Student Hiring Improvement Project via the project website. The pilot began in summer 2021 with multiple volunteer units, running via SmartSheets. The initiative will transition over to ServiceNow in March 2022 and be managed within the Hiring section of Wave 1. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN