Skip to main content Blogger Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Blogger Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Announcements Blogger Back up or import your blog You can back up your blog content and import it to another blog. You can also back up your blog before you delete it. It looks like you’re signed out. Sign in to Blogger. Back up your blog content To get an .xml file of your blog’s posts, pages, and comments: Sign in to Blogger. At the top left, click the blog you want to back up. In the left menu, click Settings. Under "Manage blog," click Back up content Download. Save a copy of your blog's theme Sign in to Blogger. At the top left, click the blog you want to save. In the left menu, click Theme. At the top right, click More Backup Download. Import posts and comments to your blog Important: There's a daily limit on the number of files you can import but no file size restrictions. To import .xml files of your posts and comments: Sign in to Blogger. At the top left, click the blog you want to import content into. In the left menu, click Settings. Under "Manage blog," click Import Content Import. If you don't want to automatically publish the imported content, turn off Automatically, publish all imported posts and pages. Select the .xml file you want to import from your computer. Click Open. Related articles Delete or restore your blog Have more questions? Discuss with other Bloggers in the Blogger Help Forum Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Need more help? Try these next steps: Ask the Help Community Get answers from community experts true Help Advertise on your blog Help people find your blog on search engines Back up or import your blog Control access to your blog Share content on other sites Manage blogs you follow Manage domains registered through Blogger Set up a custom domain Use Analytics with Blogger Get better search results on Blogger Manage your blog's settings Delete or restore your blog ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service Deutsch‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎français‎Indonesia‎italiano‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎polski‎português (Brasil)‎română‎suomi‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎Ελληνικά‎русский‎‏العربيةमराठी‎हिन्दी‎தமிழ்‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 74 false false