Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Vaccine Administrative Day Breadcrumb Home The following guidance is provided in compliance with the intent of Governor Kemp’s Covid-19 Vaccination Day for state employees. To encourage unvaccinated USG employees to schedule their Covid -19 vaccine appointment by December 31, 2021, and to thank those who are already vaccinated, the USG will provide employees with eight (8) hours of administrative leave. This leave is in lieu of and aligns with Governor Kemp’s Vaccination Day closing of state offices on September 3, 2021. To make this process as convenient as possible while maintaining service to our students and campus community, Georgia Tech employees may request time off for approval from September 1 to December 31, 2021. Student employees are not eligible for Vaccine Administration Leave. Important to Know Regular and temporary employees are eligible to request eight (8) hours of administrative leave (pro-rated for part-time employees). Student employees are not eligible. No proof of vaccination is necessary or required to use this leave. Managers are required to approve and enter hours on behalf of their employees. This leave may be used all at once or taken in increments (not less than 1 hour) as long as it is taken September 1, 2021, and December 31, 2021. GTRI Employees: GTRI employees will receive additional information regarding the use and eligibility of this leave. GTRI Employees should charge their time for this purpose to V0200.00.00.02.0005 (VACCINE REWARD LEAVE) Our priority is to protect the health and safety of our campus community by encouraging and supporting all of our employees to be vaccinated. If you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccine, please contact your medical professional. For more information on the COVID-19 vaccine or to find available vaccination locations, visit dph.georgia.gov/covid-vaccine or the links below. Eligibility for Vaccine Administrative Day Regular and temporary employees are eligible to request eight (8) hours of administrative leave (pro-rated for part-time employees), regardless of whether they previously received the Covid-19 vaccine. Student employees are not eligible. No proof of vaccination is necessary or required to use this leave. Applicable Time Reporting Codes Managers or practitioners must update time using Manager Self-Service in OneUSG Connect for eligible (non-GTRI) employees receiving Vaccine Administrative Day Leave with the following Time Reporting Codes (TRC): 00VLM (monthly) for eligible exempt workers (paid monthly) 00VLH (hourly) for eligible non-exempt workers (paid biweekly) GTRI Employees should charge their time for this purpose to V0200.00.00.02.0005 (VACCINE REWARD LEAVE) Frequently Asked Questions 1. Did Georgia Tech remain open on September 3, 2021? Yes, to maintain campus operations, USG institutions remained open on September 3, 2021. In alignment with the intent of the Governor’s Vaccination Day for state employees, all USG employees may request eight (8) hours of administrative time off between September 1, 2021, to December 31, 2021. 2. Will employees who have already received a Covid-19 vaccination also be allowed administrative leave? Yes. All employees are eligible to request up to eight (8) hours of administrative leave (pro-rated for part-time employees). 3. Must employees utilize the absence to receive a vaccination? No. However, the Governor has continued to encourage all Georgia citizens to consult with their medical professional about the impacts of Covid-19 and the safety and effectiveness of the vaccine and to get vaccinated. 4. Will temporary employees be provided administrative leave? Yes, all Georgia Tech employees are eligible and may request the use of leave between September 1, 2021, and December 31, 2021. GTRI temporary and contract employees should consult with their supervisors regarding eligible use of leave. Student employees are not eligible. 5. How should supervisors determine the number of hours to provide employees? The number of hours available to an employee will be based on their regularly scheduled hours up to a maximum of eight (8) hours and pro-rated for part-time employees. As an example, an employee who only works 50% (20 hours per work week) would be eligible to use up to 4 hours. 6. If an employee usually works a 10-hour per day schedule, must the employee utilize two (2) hours of accrued leave when requesting the administrative day off? Yes. Employees will be given a maximum of eight (8) hours of leave. If an employee is scheduled to work ten (10) hours, then two (2) hours of work or other leave will be required. 7. Does an employee's first or last day of employment matter? Who should be permitted to use this administrative leave? An employee is eligible to use this leave at any point during employment between September 1, 2021, and December 31, 2021. 8. Will this leave be available for use after December 31, 2021? No. The leave is not available for use after December 31, 2021 nor will it be paid out upon separation from employment. 9. Can an employee already scheduled for paid or unpaid leave now receive administrative leave? Yes, an employee may change their leave request and use this leave from September 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. Please submit a Service Now ticket directed to Absence Leave. 10. Can leave be taken in increments as opposed to the full eight hours at once? Yes. Leave may be taken in increments within the established timeframe of September 1- December 31, 2021. 11. Will the leave provided for vaccinations in Executive Order 03.31.21.01 (under which temporary employees may request up to eight (8) hours of administrative leave to receive a Covid-19 vaccination and up to sixteen (16) hours for recovery from any negative side effects) continue to be available after September 3rd? Yes. So long as the Covid-19 Vaccine Leave provided under Executive Order 03.31.21.01 is renewed per executive order, it will continue to be available for request and usage. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education