Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Separating Benefits Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech health and wellness benefits are provided through a variety of vendors and are subject to different outcomes if they are discontinued. We recommended carefully reviewing each benefit below to understand your options if your Georgia Tech benefits end, due to a termination (voluntary or involuntary) or a “lapsed transfer” to a different University System of Georgia (USG) Institution. Your health insurance will continue through the end of the month in which you separate from Georgia Tech. You may continue your coverage under COBRA (The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act). Looking for information about terminating? Click here HR & USG Contacts Georgia Tech Benefits Department 404-894-4847 Georgia Tech Payroll Department 404-894-4614 OneUSG Connect 1-844-587-4236 | www.usg.edu/hr/benefits Benefit Guides Download the full benefit termination guide to learn more. 2022 Benefits Separation Guide If you are transferring to a USG Institution, view the following guide: USG Benefit Transfer Guide Impact on Benefits See below to learn how different benefits are impacted by leaving Georgia Tech. Some plans stop immediately, others have the option to continue on an individual basis and a few may require action. Also, ensure your address is up-to-date to ensure you receive your W-2. Health Benefits Your health insurance (medical, dental, and vision) will continue through the end of the month in which you separate from Georgia Tech and premiums will be collected via payroll or an outreach effort. You may continue your coverage through The Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (COBRA) for up to 18 months through the University System of Georgia's COBRA administrator, OneUSG Connect. A COBRA benefit continuation packet will be mailed to your home from OneUSG Connect within one to two weeks after your employement ends with Georgia Tech. You will have up to 60 days to make your COBRA election and submit payment to OneUSG Connect. Flexible Spending Account (FSA) FSA claims must be incurred in the plan year in which you participated in FSA. Additionally, your claims must occur on or before your last day of employment. You must submit your eligible claims to Optum no later than 90 days following your last day of employment with Georgia Tech in order to qualify for reimbursement. Unused FSA funds will be forfeited. If you are enrolled in the FSA program at the time of your separation from Georgia Tech, you may also elect to continue your FSA contributions through COBRA on an after-tax basis. Health Savings Account (HSA) If you are enrolled in the HSA program and have a remaining balance in your HSA account, you may continue to use your remaining HSA funds for qualifying expenses until your funds are exhausted. Your funds do not expire, not even after employment has ended. Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance Your basic and (if applicable) supplemental life and AD&D benefits end on your last day of employment. The USG Minnesota Life basic and supplemental insurance plans have a portability feature. These plans allow you to continue this coverage as an individual policy. You must contact Minnesota Life directly to initiate the portability process within 30 days of your separation by calling 1-866-293-6047. The Georgia Tech Unum Whole Life plan also has a portability feature. If enrolled in this plan, you must contact Unum directly within 30 days from your last day of employment to elect a continuation of benefits through Unum. Short-Term and Long-Term Disability (STD & LTD) STD and LTD enrollment ends on your last day of employment. There is not a continuation option. 529 College Savings Plan If you contribute to Georgia Tech’s 529 plan through TIAA, your contributions will stop on your last pay check. Core Retirement Plans: Teacher’s Retirement System (TRS) & Optional Retirement System (ORP) For information related to refunds, distributions, rollovers, or general account information, direct your questions to either TRS or the applicable financial institution (Fidelity, Valic or TIAA) for ORP. Contact information for each institution is located at the end of this document. Supplemental Retirement Plans: 403(b) and 457(b) For information related to distributions, rollovers, and general account information, you must contact the applicable financial institution (Fidelity, Valic or TIAA). If you have an outstanding loan, contact Fidelity directly to establish a repayment plan. Contact information is located at the end of this document. Vacation/Final Pay If eligible for vacation, you will be paid for any unused, accrued vacation time up to a maximum of 45 days (360 hours). Vacation payouts are processed within 30 days of your separation from the Institute and are also dependent on when payroll receives notification of your termination from your department. Benefit premiums may be deducted from your vacation payout if your wages aren’t enough to cover them. If you are transferring to another USG institution within 30 days, your leave accrual will transfer; cash out options are limited. Learn more about transferring benefits to another USG institution here. Form W-2, Wage, Tax Statements & Address Changes Tax forms from the previous year will be mailed to the address on file in OneUSG Connect. If you need to update your address after leaving the Institute, please contact the OneUSG Shared Services Center (SSC) at 877-251-2644. COBRA (Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) COBRA is a federal law allowing employees and dependents to temporarily continue healthcare coverage in certain instances where otherwise the coverage would end. Dependents are eligible for COBRA coverage only if they were covered under the plan the day before the event occurred. Coverage is identical to the health coverage carried by active employers. An employee offered COBRA coverage has 60 days to make a COBRA election and 45 days to submit payment to OneUSG Connect after the election is made. You may continue coverage for up to 18 months. Once you have officially separated from Georgia Tech, you will receive a letter about COBRA from OneUSG Connect. You will work through OneUSG Connect to arrange COBRA benefits. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education