Jump to content My Lineup Compare Features Customize Devices FAQs Sign in Try It Free Try It Free "The best live TV streaming service overall" – CNET Try It Free Limited time offer Limited time offer $64.99/mo $54.99/mo for your first 3 months, $64.99/mo thereafter $64.99, now $54.99 a month $64.99 a month thereafter New users only. Cancel anytime. Terms apply. 100+ live channels Learn More Compare Base Plan and Spanish Plan Explore Plans See All Channels Watch live TV from 100+ channels Available in the U.S. nationwide. This lineup offers a sample of channels we offer. Please enter your home ZIP code below to see your area's lineup. Subject to availability. Your ZIP code Submit Everything live TV should be Top channels Get live and local favorites including sports and news, plus our wide collection of on-demand entertainment. No annual contracts Zero annual contracts or installations. Start watching in minutes. No hidden fees Say goodbye to hidden costs like box rental fees, DVR fees, broadcast fees, and cancellation fees. Try It Free Level up game day with exclusive sports features Key Plays View Catch up on the game’s best moments. Stats View Check out for real-time insights. Fantasy Football View Stay ahead of the game. Build your dream Library Record it all with unlimited DVR space, and find even more on demand and in our premium add-ons. Play Build your dream Library Pause Build your dream Library Get more for less with YouTube TV Stream all your favorites without the annual contracts or hidden fees. Compare YouTube TV with other services Product Features Select a streaming service AT&T Cable Services Hulu + Live TV Sling Select a streaming service AT&T Cable Services Hulu + Live TV Sling Select a streaming service AT&T Cable Services Hulu + Live TV Sling Select a streaming service AT&T Cable Services Hulu + Live TV Sling Channels 100+ Channels 100+ Channels 100+ Channels 100+ Channels 75+ Channels 75+ Channels 40+ Channels 40+ Channels 70+ Channels 70+ Channels No annual contract Feature is included No annual contract Feature is not included Feature is included Feature is included Feature is included Unlimited DVR space included Feature is included Unlimited DVR space included Feature is not included Feature is included Feature is not included Feature is included 3 streams and 6 accounts per household Feature is included 3 streams and 6 accounts per household Feature is not included Feature is not included Feature is not included Feature is included MLB, NFL, and NBA Networks Feature is included MLB, NFL, and NBA Networks Feature is included Feature is included Feature is included Feature is included PBS, Nickelodeon Feature is included PBS, Nickelodeon Feature is included Feature is included Feature is not included Feature is not included +$0 installation fee Feature is included +$0 installation fee Feature is not included Feature is included Feature is included Feature is included Service Price $64.99/mo Try It Free $124.86/mo Average monthly cost $69.99/mo Average monthly cost $55/mo Average monthly cost $69.99/mo Average monthly cost Try It Free TV made for you Up to 6 individual accounts With personalized recommendations Unlimited DVR space for all Everyone gets their own login and personal Library. 3 simultaneous streams Watch on your favorite compatible devices. Or unlock unlimited streams. Customize your experience with add-ons Add on a little more of the TV you love with more premium networks and bundles. Add-ons for everyone Explore add-ons to get more features, more premium TV, more entertainment, more live sports, and more Spanish TV. More features and 4K With 4K Plus, unlock unlimited simultaneous streams at home, the ability to watch recordings offline, and a 4K viewing experience on select content. $19.99/mo $19.99 a month Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More premium TV Try add-ons like ALLBLK, EPIX©, and Shudder for popular movies, original series, niche genres, and more. From $1.99/mo From $1.99 a month Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More entertainment Want HBO Max™, SHOWTIME©, and STARZ© all in 1 place and for 1 great price? Give our Entertainment Plus bundle a try. $29.99/mo $29.99 a month Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More live sports With Sports Plus, score 13+ additional sports networks like NFL RedZone from NFL Network – all in 1 easy add-on bundle. $10.99/mo $10.99 a month Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More Spanish TV Add extra Spanish networks to get your fill of Spanish-language favorites like telenovelas, live sports, and more. $14.99/mo $14.99 a month Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. Add-ons for everyone Explore add-ons to get more features, more premium TV, more entertainment, more live sports, and more Spanish TV. More features and 4K With 4K Plus, unlock unlimited simultaneous streams at home, the ability to watch recordings offline, and a 4K viewing experience on select content. $19.99/mo Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More premium TV Try add-ons like ALLBLK, EPIX©, and Shudder for popular movies, original series, niche genres, and more. From $1.99/mo Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More entertainment Want HBO Max™, SHOWTIME©, and STARZ© all in 1 place and for 1 great price? Give our Entertainment Plus bundle a try. $29.99/mo Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More live sports With Sports Plus, score 13+ additional sports networks like NFL RedZone from NFL Network – all in 1 easy add-on bundle. $10.99/mo Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. More Spanish TV Add extra Spanish networks to get your fill of Spanish-language favorites like telenovelas, live sports, and more. $14.99/mo Terms and conditions apply. Prices vary. Choose the plan that works for you And make your experience uniquely yours. Base Plan $64.99/mo $54.99/mo $64.99, now $54.99 a month $10 off first 3 months Limited time offer Our bread and butter – all 100+ live channels and all the perks. 100+ live channels Unlimited DVR space Special features like Key Plays View 6 household accounts and 3 streams See Channels Spanish Plan $34.99/mo $24.99/mo $34.99, now $24.99 a month $10 off first 6 months $10 off a month for 6 months Get the best YouTube TV features – but with only Spanish networks. 30+ Spanish networks Unlimited DVR space Special features like Key Plays View 6 household accounts and 3 streams See Channels Try It Free Stream across devices Get your TV at home, on the go, or wherever you like See Compatible Devices Your smart TV Your phone or tablet Your game console Or tv.youtube.com A TV experience worth talking about @GerritRitt After 30+ years, I did a thing today .. Was super painful, but I finally cut the @DirecTV cord. Will be tough, but spending $100/month instead of $240 sure as hell won't be .. Dear @YouTubeTV, time for you and I to begin a beautiful friendship together. #EndOfAnEra PCMag Reader’s Choice Awards 2019 I have converted most of my extended family to YouTube TV. The user interface is amazing, and pricing unbeatable when considering elimination of DVR and box fees. Fantastic having no cable box! @nueve The greatest innovation in television is turning on sports in progress and @YouTubeTV hitting you with the option to catch up to live through key plays Follow us for more Questions? We’re here to help. What is YouTube TV, and what do I get with it? YouTube TV is cable reimagined. We are a subscription streaming service that lets you watch live and on-demand TV from major broadcast and popular cable networks like ABC, CBS, NBC, ESPN, AMC, HGTV, TNT, and more. That’s 100+ channels of local and national live sports, breaking news, and must-see shows the moment they air, all included in our Base Plan. You’ll get to record your favorites with unlimited cloud DVR storage space and share 6 accounts with your household. And if you’re looking for more flexible options, we have a few other plans. Show More Do you have any other plans? We have 2 other plans in addition to the Base Plan. Want only TV in Spanish? With the Spanish Plan, you can get the same top YouTube TV benefits like unlimited DVR space and 6 accounts – but with 30+ Spanish channels. Stream soccer, telenovelas, Spanish-language movies, and more on popular networks like ESPN Deportes and Univision. Want to pay just for a few networks? Our standalone networks option lets you pick and choose what you pay for from a select list of networks that includes favorites like NBA League Pass, SHOWTIME®, and more. Like the Spanish Plan, you’ll still get those award-winning YouTube TV features – but only with a few networks of your choosing. Show More The Basics How do I get started with YouTube TV? We aim to make it as easy as possible to get started with YouTube TV. To start streaming, simply sign up online with your Google Account, make sure you have an internet connection and a supported device. You can then watch for free for up to 30 minutes. Which networks are available with YouTube TV? YouTube TV lets you stream live and local sports, news, shows from 100+ channels including CBS, FOX, NBC, HGTV, TNT, and more. We’ve got complete local network coverage in over 98% of US TV households, so be sure to find your own local lineup above. And for an additional monthly charge, you can always stack your lineup with a few more premium add-on networks like SHOWTIME and STARZ. Can I watch local sports? Absolutely. You can check your area’s local lineup above. And we also have national networks like ESPN, MLB Network, NFL Network, and NBA TV. Which devices can I watch YouTube TV on? YouTube TV is available on many supported devices. Our goal is to let you watch YouTube TV anywhere, on any device and platform, and we’re always working to add more. Watch on mobile devices: Smartphones and tablets running Android L or later iPhone and iPad devices running iOS 12 or later Download the YouTube TV app in your device’s app store by searching “YouTube TV”. Watch on computers: Watch directly on the web at tv.youtube.com/ For the best YouTube TV viewing experience, download the latest version of Chrome or Firefox. Watch on TVs with streaming media players, smart TVs, and game consoles: Download the YouTube TV app on select devices by searching “YouTube TV” in your device’s app store. Supported devices include select Amazon Fire TV devices, Roku players and TVs, Apple TV and Apple TV 4K, Vizio SmartCast TVs, Samsung & LG smart TVs, HiSense TVs, Xbox One, and more. Additional info. Stream YouTube TV to your TV using Google Chromecast, TVs with Chromecast built-in like Android TV, AirPlay for Apple TV, or Google Smart Displays. Where is YouTube TV available? YouTube TV is available nationwide in over 99.5% of households in the United States. Enter your zip code above for a full list of your area’s channel lineup. How much does YouTube TV cost? YouTube TV is $64.99/month for 1 membership with up to 6 household accounts. Memberships include national and local networks, our collection of on-demand movies and shows, and more. We also include unlimited cloud DVR storage space. And, of course, there are no hidden fees, equipment rentals, or installation appointments. See how we stack up against competitors. And for an additional monthly charge, get a few more premium add-on networks like HBO Max™, SHOWTIME®, and STARZ ®. Setup Is it easy to switch to YouTube TV? Absolutely. We aim to make it as easy as possible to get started with YouTube TV. To start your free trial, just sign up online, make sure you have an internet connection and a supported device, and start watching in minutes. A valid form of payment is required at signup. No long-term contract or hidden fees, and you can cancel anytime. Is YouTube TV easy to use? We aim to provide an experience that is both intuitive and hassle-free for our members. We recommend an internet connection of at least 3 Mbps. With just a tap or a word, you can customize your live guide, record all episodes of your favorite show, and search for your favorite sports team. Watch on your phone, tablet, computer, and TV. YouTube TV is available nationwide in the US and lets you stream live TV, including local sports, news, shows, and more. Your Account Can I watch YouTube TV while traveling? YouTube TV works anywhere you have internet access in the US, with live TV offered in markets where YouTube TV is available. Your access to local networks will vary depending on which zip code you're in. Sign in from home at least once every 3 months to keep your account active. (Note that you’ll need to sign in monthly from home in order to stream MLB content.) You won’t be able to access any programs on YouTube TV, live or recorded, while traveling internationally. If you’d like to watch YouTube TV while traveling without internet access, our 4K Plus add-on allows you to save recordings from your Library to your phone or tablet so you can watch offline (some device and content restrictions apply). Are there really no DVR storage space limits? There really aren’t – we promise! Record as much as you want at the same time, without ever running out of storage space. We keep each recording for 9 months. Build your dream Library, and stream it anywhere you have internet access in the US. Are shows available on demand? Many networks have recent episodes of shows, movies, and more on demand. Can I share my membership? Yes, your YouTube TV membership comes with 6 accounts to share with roommates or family members in your household (ages 13 and up). Everyone gets their own login, personalized recommendations, and individual DVR Library. Your membership includes up to 3 simultaneous streams. For an additional monthly charge, our 4K Plus add-on unlocks unlimited streams at home, so you can watch YouTube TV on as many compatible screens as you want. Do I have to share 1 DVR Library with my household? Not at all – your dream Library is all yours. The 6 accounts that come with your membership each have their own separate login with personalized recommendations and an individual DVR Library. What if I want to cancel? Not a problem – you can cancel anytime. There are no fees for canceling. We’d hate to see you go, but we’ll save your settings in case you want to restart your membership later. Please note that we don’t do refunds for partial billing periods. If you’d like to take a break without losing recordings that you’ve saved, you can also pause your membership for up to 6 months. Ads Does YouTube TV have ads? Yes. The live TV programming comes from networks similar to traditional TV broadcasts, so many of the networks we offer have ad breaks. When YouTube videos are shown on YouTube TV, the majority of the ad revenue from them will support the creators of those videos. Can I fast-forward through ads? Depending on how you watch, you’ll be able to skip some ads. Live TV As with traditional TV, you can't fast-forward through ads while watching live TV. But if you pause a show, you can fast-forward until you catch up to the live version. DVR You can typically fast-forward through ads on recorded programs once they’ve aired on live TV. On demand Many networks provide recent episodes of shows, movies, and more on demand. Typically you can’t fast-forward through ads while watching on-demand content. If you've recorded something that's also available on demand at the time you're watching, in some cases the on-demand version will be played back instead of your recording. YouTube videos If you're a YouTube Premium member, you won't see ads on any YouTube videos in YouTube TV. If you’re not a YouTube Premium member, you will see ads on YouTube videos, which allows us to support the creators of those videos. What's the difference between YouTube TV and YouTube Premium? YouTube TV is a live TV streaming service with major broadcast and popular cable networks. YouTube Premium gives you YouTube and YouTube Music ad-free, offline, and in the background. YouTube Premium isn’t included in your YouTube TV membership. However, if you are a YouTube Premium member, you can watch YouTube content on YouTube TV without ads. Add-Ons What premium networks can I add to my membership? YouTube TV has a wide variety of premium add-ons like HBO Max, SHOWTIME, and EPIX to help you build out your dream TV experience. They’re available at an additional charge, but many of them offer free trials for new users. How do I add premium networks? Once you become a member, just go to the Membership tab under Settings to see all our add-ons. Then simply add the ones you want, or start a free trial if it’s available. On which devices can I watch 4K quality video? Stream select live and on-demand content in 4K with the 4K Plus add-on, available at an extra monthly charge. This special features bundle also unlocks offline recordings for available content and unlimited streams at home. 4K playback is only available on compatible devices. Contact us, or visit the YouTube TV Help Center. Disclaimers 1 CNET, as of February 2022. ↩ 2 Add-ons are available at an additional charge. Cancel anytime. ↩ 3 Device and internet restrictions apply. Unlimited streams are available at an extra charge with the 4K Plus add-on. ↩ 4 Device, regional, and internet restrictions apply. ↩ 5 Terms apply. ↩ HBO MAX is used under license. SHOWTIME and related marks are trademarks of Showtime Networks Inc., a Paramount Company. Individual programs, devices, and marks are the property of their respective owners. All Rights Reserved. Starz® and related channels and service marks are the property of Starz Entertainment, LLC. MGM+® is a registered trademark of MGM+ Entertainment LLC. All Rights Reserved. © 2022 AMC Network Entertainment LLC. All Rights Reserved. Watch Watch on TV iOS App Android App Top Genres Live Sports News Reality & Game Shows Browse more genres Support Available areas Location requirements Family groups How to record Browse more Watch Watch on TV iOS App Android App Top Genres Live Sports News Reality & Game Shows Browse more genres Support Available areas Location requirements Family groups How to record Browse more Base Plan Add-on Networks Sports Plus Add-on Spanish Plus Add-on Spanish Plan Subject to availability