Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Work-Life Programs Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech recognizes the need for their employees to maintain work-life harmony which helps reduce stress and increases overall happiness. But, work-life harmony means something different to everyone. The right balance for you today can be different for you tomorrow and it will change again during various stages in your life. In conjunction with the USG's goal of providing a system wide culture and environment of well-being, Georgia Tech offers several resources, programs and services to help you achieve your optimal harmony. Be Well Attend workshops, review available resources, and participate in activities to take healthy steps toward your wellness. Learn More Employee Assistance Program The Employee Assistance Program (EAP) offers counseling and work/life balance assistance to employees and their family members. Learn More Workplace Problem Solving The Georgia Tech Staff Ombuds Office provides consultations for all Georgia Tech staff members seeking workplace problem solving resources. The Ombuds follows the guiding principles of confidentiality, neutrality, informality and independence. Learn More Perks & Programs As a Georgia Tech employee you have access to discounts and incentives through Georgia Tech, USG and State of Georgia. Learn More Tuition Assistance Interested in continuing your education? Georgia Tech offers several educational assistance programs including tuition waivers and reimbursement. Learn More Flex Work Arrangements Flex work arrangements enable employees to serve customers, meet Institute and departmental goals, and balance personal and professional responsibilities. Learn More Bank at Work Bank at work with one of Georgia Tech's three banks providing discounts, premier services, and easy access to Georgia Tech employees. Learn More Summer Camp Resources Summer comes quickly! Don't wait to figure out what you're going to do with the kids. Let us help you find a camp that'll be just right. Learn More Childcare Georgia Tech offers a child care program for faculty, staff and graduate students. There are two on-campus centers managed by Bright Horizons Family Solutions. Learn More Lactation Centers The Institute has taken measures to ensure faculty, staff, and students have access to designated spaces conducive for nursing, breastfeeding, or expressing milk. Learn More Service Recognition Georgia Tech’s leadership understands that longevity is significant and appreciates the service given to the Tech community. The Institute recognizes employees who have served the Georgia Tech community for 10 years and 25 years with a special ceremony each year. Learn More Staff Awards The Staff Awards recognizes the great achievements of staff members who have contributed to the Georgia Tech community with their innovations, their leadership, and embodying Georgia Tech’s motto of "Progress and Service." Learn More Buzzin' Back to School The Buzzin' Back to School campaign is a school supply drive by Georgia Tech employees for Georgia Tech families! Learn More Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education