Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Payroll Breadcrumb Home Payroll Schedule - Monthly and Biweekly All employees have an assigned schedule within One USG Connect. To view your schedule, select the Schedule tile within Employee Self-service Time in OneUSG Connect. Here are the pay calendars associated with each pay frequency: 2022 2022 Monthly Calendar 2022 Biweekly Calendar 2022 Payroll Calendar (in calendar format); for best result, please print in color. 2023 2023 Monthly Calendar 2023 Biweekly Calendar 2023 Payroll Calendar (in calendar format); for best result, please print in color. To get helpful tutorials and job aids related to Time Reporting, visit ServiceNow. Learn More Time Reporting Timely and regular attendance is an expectation of performance for all employees. To ensure adequate staffing, positive employee morale, and to meet expected productivity standards throughout the organization, employees will be held accountable for adhering to their workplace schedule. Non-exempt and hourly employees (paid bi-weekly) report their time through various devices. To get helpful tutorials and job aids related to your time reporting, visit ServiceNow. Learn More Holidays Georgia Tech has established 12 official paid holidays each calendar year for employees at the institution. These holidays shall be awarded in addition to earned vacation time and shall be observed in accordance with the rules and regulations set forth by the Board of Regents, the USG, and the institution. A terminating employee shall not be paid for any official holidays occurring after the last working day of employment. 2022 Holidays Monday, Jan. 3, 2022 — New Year's Day Monday, Jan. 17, 2022 — M.L.K, Jr. National Holiday (observed) Monday, May 30, 2022 — Memorial Day Monday, July 4, 2022 — Independence Day Monday, Sept. 5, 2022 — Labor Day Thursday – Friday, Nov. 24 – 25, 2022 — Thanksgiving Break Monday, Dec. 26 – Friday, Dec. 30, 2022 — Winter Break 2023 Holidays Monday, Jan. 2, 2023 — New Year's Day Monday, Jan. 16, 2023 — M.L.K, Jr. National Holiday (observed) Monday, May 29, 2023 — Memorial Day Monday, June 19, 2023 — Juneteenth Tuesday, July 4, 2023 — Independence Day Monday, Sept. 4, 2023 — Labor Day Thursday – Friday, Nov. 23 – 24, 2023 — Thanksgiving Break Monday, Dec. 25 – Friday, Dec. 29, 2023 — Winter Break </div> All Georgia Tech employees are required to use direct deposit to receive their pay. To set up or change your direct deposit information go to the Direct Deposit tile in Employee Self-service in OneUSG Connect. To get helpful tutorials and job aids related to direct deposit, visit ServiceNow. Note: If eligible, you can use a pre-paid bank card as an alternative to a U.S. bank account. Click here to learn more. The Paycheck Modeler is a tool that allows you to see how changes to earnings, deductions and taxes might affect your paycheck. The Paycheck Modeler tile can be found in Employee Self-Service in OneUSG Connect. To get helpful tutorials and job aids, visit ServiceNow. Your electronic W-2 may be accessed within the Taxes Tile in Employee Self-Service tile inside OneUSG Connect after providing your electronic consent. You may electronically submit your State of Georgia and Federal Withholding by visiting the Taxes Tile in Employee Self-service at OneUSG Connect. A Salary overpayment condition arises when an employee has been compensated for more than their approved salary. The causes for the overpayment include, but are not limited to: retroactive pay changes, status changes, changes in percent time worked, pay frequency changes and pay rate changes. For more information related to salary overpayments, visit ServiceNow. Deductions Your pay check has both mandatory and elective deductions. Mandatory deductions are deductions required to be withheld by federal and/or state regulations. They may include: Garnishments such as Chapter 13 payments, Child Support Payments, Garnishments, Tax Levy, Student Loan Payments Employee Retirement System (1.5%) Optional Retirement Plan (5%) Teacher’s Retirement System (Currently 5.53%, starting July 1, 2012, will be 6%) GA Defined Contribution Plan (7.5%) Federal Withholding Tax Social Security Tax Medicare Tax State Tax Elective deductions are made up of both pre-tax and post-tax deductions. Pre-tax deductions may include but are not limited to: Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending Accounts (Medical & Dependent Care), Health Savings Accounts, Parking/Transit Deductions, Supplemental Retirement plans such as 403(b) and 457(b) contributions Post-tax deductions may include but are not limited to: Life Insurance, Accident Insurance, Disability Insurance, Critical Illness, Legal Plan, Retirement Roth 403(b) & 457(b) contributions, 529, Recreation and Charitable Contributions Your paystub can be found within the Pay tile within Employee Self-Service in OneUSG Connect. To get helpful tutorials and job aids, visit ServiceNow. Leave and Absence Employees with regular employment status at the institute are eligible to receive and are required to report leaves and absences. Full Benefits Eligible: This is defined as 30 or more hours per week or .75 FTE and greater, which applies to regular faculty and regular staff employees. Full benefits include all benefits in accordance with University System of Georgia of Board of Regents policy 8.2.9 Insurance. Partial Benefits Eligible: This is defined as 20 to 29 hours per week or .5 FTE to .74 FTE. Partial benefits eligible may apply to regular faculty and regular staff employees. Partial benefits include retirement and pro-rated leave accruals. To report your absences and leaves select the Time and Absence tile in Employee Self-service in OneUSG Connect. To set your schedule and report your work visit the Time tile in Employee Self-service in OneUSG Connect. For helpful tutorials and related job aids, visit ServiceNow. Reporting & Requesting Time Off All Georgia Tech employees are required to request and report their time off. Learn More Vacation Classified full-time/part-time staff and some faculty employees are eligible to accrue vacation time. Academic faculty from an academic unit who are appointed on a nine-month basis do not accrue vacation during the academic year. To determine your eligibility for vacation time, you may view the Georgia Tech Vacation Policy. To request vacation time, visit Employee Self-Service in OneUSG Connect. View instructions here. Leave & Time Away from Work Click here to learn more about taking time away from work for illness or life events. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education