Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search GRA Health Insurance Option Breadcrumb Home The GRA Healthcare Plan Option is a medical plan offered by the University System of Georgia. This option is in addition to the Student Health Insurance Plan coverage option offered through the Institute. Graduate Research Assistants should carefully consider all the types of coverage available to them before enrolling in coverage. The GRA Healthcare Plan Option does not meet the federal guidelines for international students holding F-1 or J-1 visas. GT Stamps Health Services recommends GRAs enroll in the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) administered through United Healthcare. It is a more robust plan offered at a subsidized rate for GRA’s and charged through your student account. Before enrolling in the GRA Healthcare Plan, please consider scheduling a (virtual) appointment with a GTHR Benefits Specialist who can answer questions that you might have about the plan. Plan Information For a summary of the services provided under the plan, please review the GRA Summary of Plan Benefits. Enrollment GRA’s will be sent information about the plan from the OneUSG Connect-Benefits Center after their hire information is processed. Please remember that this plan is offered in addition to other plans that are available to you. Enrollment is voluntary and you will not be enrolled in the GRA Healthcare Plan unless you elect to enroll by phone or through the OneUSG Connect - Benefits website. If you enroll in the GRA Healthcare Plan the monthly premium cost will be deducted from your pay each pay period. Enrollment in the GRA Healthcare Plan is voluntary. Upon enrollment, participants will receive an Anthem ID card with both the medical and pharmacy plan coverage verification information. Coverage Period The annual enrollment period for the GRA Healthcare Option is in January of each year. You will automatically be sent information about the GRA Healthcare Plan during that time. Enrollment under this plan is on a calendar year basis. Coverage will continue through the calendar year unless the Graduate Research Assistant becomes ineligible for the coverage (i.e., graduates or moves into another position) or experiences a qualifying life event. The GRA plan coverage continues to the last day of the month in which your GRA position ends and at that time you will be offered the option to enroll in COBRA coverage. Quick View Comparison Chart Student Health Insurance Plan Off-Campus Clients Insurance accepted at Stamps Health Services YES NO In-network and Out-of-network coverage YES YES but higher deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums Cash out of your pocket before the insurance plan pays for any services. $0 - Stamps Health Services $250 in-network $300 out-of-network $3,000 in-network $6,000 out-of-network Spousal Benefit YES NO Co-insurance (lower is better) 20% in-network 40% out-of-network 50% in-network 50% out-of-network Routine Doctor Visit $25 co-pay in-network 50% in-network Dental Benefit YES NO Deductible for prescriptions NO YES Vision Benefit YES NO Monthly Premium - (the cost you pay. The SHIP is paid per semester but annualized for illustration purposes in order ot compare to the GRA plan.) $182.78 (without GRA subsidy) $54.83 (with GRA subsidy) $102 Important Reminders Graduate Research Assistants enrolled in the GRA Health Plan pay premiums through monthly payroll deductions. If a Graduate Research Assistant enrolls in the GRA Health Plan and the student is also mandated to have coverage under the Mandatory Student Plan, the student must submit a waiver request to opt out of the mandatory student health insurance plan. The GRA Healthcare Plan does not provide repatriation and medical evacuation coverage. International students enrolling in this plan must purchase a standalone repatriation and medical evacuation plan. Under the GRA Healthcare Plan, you have the option of covering (1) yourself, or (2) yourself and any eligible child dependents. Spousal coverage is not available under this plan; therefore, family coverage under this plan includes you and your dependent child or children. Tobacco Use Surcharge: Graduate Research Assistants and enrolled dependents age 18 or older must certify their tobacco use status. A $100 tobacco-user surcharge (per student and eligible dependent) will be added to the monthly premium for tobacco users. GT Stamps Health Services recommends GRAs enroll in the Student Health Insurance Plan (SHIP) administered through United Healthcare. It is a more robust plan offered at a subsidized rate for GRA’s and charged through your student account. Before enrolling in the GRA Healthcare Plan, please consider scheduling a (virtual) appointment with a GTHR Benefits Specialist who can answer questions that you might have about the plan. For a typical GRA at Georgia Tech, the Student Health Insurance Plan is cheaper with more robust benefits. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education