Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search ACA Breadcrumb Home The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was created by the federal government to make medical insurance available to all Americans. The University System of Georgia’s Consumer Choice HSA plan meets the affordability requirement under the Affordable Care Act. Therefore, in general, University System of Georgia employees who are eligible for health insurance will not be eligible for a tax credit through the Health Insurance Marketplace (or exchanges) created under the Affordable Care Act. If you are not eligible for health insurance through the University System of Georgia and would like more information about the Health Insurance Marketplace, please visit the Federal Health Insurance Marketplace website. Need Assistance? Visit ServiceNow. USG Notice This notice is provided to all Georgia Tech faculty, staff, students, and temporary employees to provide you with information about the health coverage offered by the USG. View USG Notice > For more information about the UG healthcare plan visit usg.edu/hr/benefits. Insurance Marketplace The Health Insurance Marketplace is designed to help individuals find health insurance that meets their needs and budget. Visit The Marketplace > Key Points With the introduction of the Affordable Care Act, there are some important items to remember. Some of the key points to remember have been consolidated in the list below. The Affordable Care Act requires all individuals to have health insurance coverage or pay a penalty. Starting with the 2019 plan year, there is no penalty for not having insurance. If you are enrolled in healthcare coverage through the USG, you do not need to enroll in coverage through the Marketplace. If you are eligible for health care coverage through the USG, you will have the opportunity each year during Open Enrollment to enroll or make changes to your current healthcare coverage. If you enroll or make changes during Open Enrollment your changes are effective January 1st of the following year. If you are not eligible for the USG healthcare plans, you can get information about enrolling in health insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace at the following website: healthcare.gov/families. The University System of Georgia’s Consumer Choice HSA plan meets the Affordability Requirement under the Affordable Care Act. Therefore, in general, University System of Georgia/Georgia Tech employees who are eligible for health insurance will not be eligible for a tax credit through the Health Insurance Marketplace created under the Affordable Care Act. For more information about the USG healthcare plan visit usg.edu/hr/benefits. Frequently Asked Questions What is the Health Insurance Marketplace? The Health Insurance Marketplace is a way for individuals to obtain health insurance as part of the Affordable Care Act. It makes health insurance coverage available for individuals who currently do not have access to coverage. To use the Health Insurance Marketplace, go to the Health Insurance Marketplace website and fill out an application. After you complete the application, you will see all the health plans available in your area. When can I enroll in the Health Insurance Marketplace? Please see the dates and deadlines on the Health Insurance Marketplace website for information on when you can enroll in coverage. What happens if I don't enroll in Health Insurance? Starting with the 2019 plan year, there is no penalty for not having insurance. I am not eligible for health insurance coverage through USG. Do I need to enroll through the Health Insurance Marketplace? No. If you are enrolled in health insurance coverage through USG, you do not need to enroll in coverage through the marketplace. What should I do if I am not eligible for health insurance coverage through USG? If you are not eligible for the USG healthcare plan, you can get information about enrolling in health insurance through the Health Insurance Marketplace at the exchange website. Georgia opted not to operate a Health Insurance Marketplace and therefore, individuals in Georgia will utilize the federal marketplace. Or, if you are eligible, you may obtain coverage through your spouse’s health insurance or if you are under age 26, through your parent’s health insurance. What should I do if I am eligible for health insurance coverage in the USG plan but I am not enrolled? If you are eligible for health care coverage through the USG, you will have the opportunity each year during Open Enrollment to enroll or make changes to your current healthcare coverage. If you enroll or make changes during Open Enrollment your changes are effective January 1 of the following year. I am enrolled in health insurance coverage through my spouse’s employer. Do I need to enroll in the USG coverage also? No. The Affordable Care Act only requires that you have health insurance coverage. The law does not require that you obtain health insurance coverage through your employer. For instance, you may obtain coverage through your spouse’s employer or through the Health Insurance Marketplace. If I enroll in health insurance coverage through the Health Insurance Marketplace, will I be able to receive a tax credit or subsidy? If you are eligible for the USG healthcare plan, generally you will not receive a subsidy if you enroll in the Health Insurance Marketplace instead of the USG plan. This is because USG offers a plan that meets the definition of Affordable under the law. Coverage is considered "affordable" if employee contributions for employee-only coverage do not exceed a certain percentage of an employee's household income (9.78% in 2020 and 9.83% in 2021); because our coverage meets the Affordable definition under the law, employees eligible for USG healthcare coverage generally will not be eligible for a subsidy if they enroll in coverage in the Health Insurance Marketplace. Where can I get more information about the Affordable Care Act and the new Health Insurance Marketplace? If you have more questions about the Affordable Care Act or the Health Insurance Marketplace, below are some links where you can find information: University System of Georgia HealthCare.gov Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education