Skip to main content Google Play Help Sign in Google Help Help Center Community Google Play Privacy Policy Google Play Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next Help Center Community Google Play Google Play Store How to rate & review apps in the Google Play Store We noticed you haven't enrolled in our Play Points program yet. It can be joined at no cost, and you'll receive a welcome offer of 3x bonus points on every purchase for the first week. Learn more. How to rate & review apps in the Google Play Store You can rate and review for Android apps, games, and other content on the Play Store. When you review something on Google Play, the review is linked to your Google Account and is public. If you don't want a review to be public, you can delete it. How to rate an app & leave a review Important: You can only rate apps you've previously downloaded and installed. When you download an app, it's linked to your Google Account. If you downloaded the app but don't see the option to write a review, make sure you're signed in to the right account. On your computer, go to play.google.com. Find the app you want to review. Select the app to open the detail page. Scroll and click Write a review. Rate the app out of five stars and write your review. Click Submit. How to delete or edit a review On your computer, go to play.google.com. Find the app you reviewed. Select the app to open the detail page. Scroll and click Edit or Delete . To edit, make your changes then click Submit. When you can write reviews in the Play Store You can only review apps and games you’ve downloaded. You can’t leave a review from an enterprise account, like an account for work or school. If any account on your device is part of a beta program for an app, you can’t leave a review for that app. You can leave a beta program if you want to write a review. Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit Computer Android More Need more help? Sign in for additional support options to quickly solve your issue Sign in true Get started with Google Play apps & games How to update the Play Store & apps on Android Reinstall & re-enable apps Delete, disable & manage unused apps on Android Manage your wishlist How to remove a device from Google Play & add device nicknames Delete your Google Play search history Turn on background data How to rate & review apps in the Google Play Store ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Google Play Terms of Service Afrikaans‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎français (Canada)‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎íslenska‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربية‏فارسیमराठी‎हिन्दी‎తెలుగు‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true true true 84680 false false