Skip to content Toggle navigation Title IX Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Home What is Title IX? The Law Sexual Violence and Harassment Sex/Gender Discrimination Athletics Myths about Title IX First Amendment & Academic Freedom Policies Sexual Misconduct Policy USG Policy to Prohibit Discrimination & Harassment (HRAP) Equal Opportunity, Nondiscrimination, and Anti-Harassment Policy Retaliation Student Code of Conduct Confidentiality Resources Resources Generally Victims/Complainants: What You Need to Know Resources for Respondents (Accused) Law Enforcement Hearing Panelists Support/Assistance Interim Measures Sexual Misconduct Q & A Training Materials Title IX & STEM Promising Practices for STEM A Guide for Conducting Title IX Self-Evaluations in STEM Programs Nat'l Science Foundation - Sexual Harassment Training Requests Contact Us SUBMIT A COMPLAINT/REPORT Search Search form Enter your keywords Homepage You are here: GT Home Title IX Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 is a federal law that prohibits discrimination based on sex in education programs or activities that receive federal funding. Title IX states that: “No person in the United States shall, on the basis of sex, be excluded from participation in, be denied the benefits of, or be subjected to discrimination under any education program or activity receiving federal financial assistance.” Title IX requires educational programs and activities that receive federal funding to operate in a nondiscriminatory manner, including with respect to recruitment, admissions, financial aid, athletics, sex-based harassment, pregnancy, discipline and employment. Retaliation against an individual for opposing an unlawful educational practice or policy or for initiating, participating in, or refusing to participate in a complaint action under Title IX is also prohibited. Title IX Coordinators The Title IX Coordinator is the designated Institute official with primary responsibility for coordinating compliance with Title IX. This includes providing leadership for Title IX activities; providing consultation, education and training; and helping to ensure the Institute responds appropriately, effectively and equitably to Title IX issues. If you are in immediate crisis, contact GTPD at 404.894.2500 or via LiveSafe. If you are off-campus, call 911. Learn More Title IX Athletics Title IX requires gender equity in athletics. Georgia Tech fully supports equality of opportunity for its male and female athletes, whether as part of its (NCAA) Division I intercollegiate athletics program or through its more than 30 student-run sports clubs and 20 intramural teams. Learn More VOICE VOICE is a campus-wide initiative housed in Health and Well-Being and is founded on the premise that everyone has the right to live and learn at Georgia Tech, free of violence or the threat of violence. VOICE educates the campus community about sexual violence through various presentations and programs throughout the year. Learn More Nondiscrimination Notice The Georgia Institute of Technology is committed to building and maintaining a diverse community to reflect human diversity and improve opportunities for all. The Institute is committed to equal opportunity and eliminating discrimination. This commitment is both a moral imperative consistent with an intellectual community that celebrates individual differences and diversity, as well as a matter of law. Georgia Tech does not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, disability, gender identity, military status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status in its programs, activities, employment, and admission. Inquiries about the application of Title IX and its implementing regulations may be referred to Georgia Tech's Title IX Coordinator, to the Assistant Secretary of the U.S. Department of Education, or both. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login