Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administrative Excellence Breadcrumb Home Main navigation Home About Initiatives The ASC HR Transformation Process Improvement Quick Wins Activity & Opportunity Survey Training FAQs Submit a Suggestion Contact Us Open Search Search Search About Administrative Excellence (AdminX) What is AdminX? AdminX is a portfolio of initiatives across campus all working toward improving the experience in doing administrative work at the Institute through structures, processes, and systems for our faculty, staff, and students. Today the AdminX portfolio is home to: Process Improvement Administrative Services Center (ASC) HR Transformation As the initiative progresses, additional projects could join the AdminX umbrella. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Why AdminX? Over the next 10 years, the Institute is working toward ambitious goals and bold actions set forth by the Institute Strategic Plan. To achieve these goals, we must reimagine the way we work, scale to accommodate growth, and create a culture where continuous improvement is embraced. AdminX strongly aligns with the following tenets of the Institute Strategic Plan: Leading by Example - enacting more efficient and effective administrative processes), Cultivating Well-Being - reducing the stress, anxiety, and frustration of our administrative staff Championing Innovation - discovering new leading-edge ways to operate and implementing innovative practices from across the Institute  Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) AdminX Waves The AdminX Initiative will take a look at transactions that occur across Human Resources, the Enterprise Service Desk, Desktop, Classroom, and A/V Support, Finance, and Research Administration and implement changes in waves. A detailed list of potential transactions has been generated for each process area below and are being analyzed and vetted by the Process Owners to identify what of those transactions would transition into the ASC. Potential transactions were derived from the Activity & Opportunity Identification Survey, administered in the Fall of 2021, which studied the distribution of administrative work being done across the Institute. We are still finalizing which functions and transactions through our ongoing Process Improvement efforts. Wave 1: Human Resources, Customer Service, In Progress - 2023 Waves 2-5 to include: Enterprise Service Deck, Desktop Support, Classroom Technology, & A/V Support Procurement and Expenses Finance Research Administration Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) AdminX Governance AdminX is structured to ensure a wide-range of perspectives and experiences are brought into the coordinated delivery of outcomes. Governance groups have recently been expanded and will allow participants to play active roles in guiding these outcomes:  The Leadership Forum serves as a communication channel with over 70 senior leaders across the academic, research, and administrative units. The Campus Representatives Group serves as advisors who are uniquely and deeply knowledgeable about functional processes.   The Functional Lead Group serves as subject matter experts for in-scope functions and/or functions supporting the AdminX implementation.   The Implementation Working Group is responsible for the successful implementation, including process redesign, operations & metrics, organization and staffing, facilities, technology, knowledgebase, and change management. The Campus Engagement Groups will regularly be contacted for feedback, communications, and awareness including the Internal Advisory Panel and Change Agent Network. Executive Sponsors Reviews and makes decisions on overall project strategy, organization, and execution. Chaouki Abdallah Executive Vice President for Research Nelson Baker Dean GTPE--Administration Skye Duckett Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer James Hudgens Director GTRI Charles Isbell Dean College of Computing Steven McLaughlin Provost & Executive Vice President of Academic Affairs Michael Shannon Interim Executive Vice President Administration and Finance Leslie Sharp Dean Georgia Tech Library Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN