Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Newly Hired and Eligible Breadcrumb Home Your health and welfare benefits are provided through the University System of Georgia, which includes healthcare, dental, vision, and retirement plan options. Georgia Tech is a member of the USG, the state agency governing all 26 public institutions in Georgia. USG dictates general policy, administers benefits, and supplements funding for the state institutions. It is governed by the Board of Regents (BOR). Have Questions? Submit a ticket to request at ServiceNow. Next Steps Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Step 1. Review your resources As a Georgia Institution, Georgia Tech is one of the 26 schools under the University System of Georgia (USG) umbrella. Your health and welfare benefits are provided through USG, which includes healthcare, dental, vision, and retirement plan options for employees working 30 hours per week or more on a regular basis. All USG employees are covered by workers’ compensation, and certain employees also qualify for Social Security participation. Learn More Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Step 2. Check Your Credentials Ensure your Georgia Tech account has been given access. Check with your hiring manager if you have questions. Activate Your Account Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Step 3. Make Your Selections with OneUSG Connect - Benefits OneUSG Connect is a USG system-wide technology management system. It includes two ways to access your benefits (including initial enrollment, life event updates, and Open Enrollment changes). Visit OneUSG Connect and select "Manage My Benefits" on the right side menu. You will automatically be redirected to the OneUSG Connect – Benefits website. Save and submit your selections, including supporting documents and evidence of insurability (EOI) if necessary. To select over the phone, allow a representative to assist you in selecting your USG benefits over the phone: 1-844-5-USGBEN (1-844-587-4236). When will Your Benefits be Effective? The date of hire if hired on the first day of the month (e.g., July 1 or Aug. 1) The first day of the following month if the hire date is any day other than the first (e.g., July 2 or Aug. 13) Coverage Period Once you make your benefit elections, those elections will remain in effect from the coverage effective date through Dec. 31 of the current plan year unless you have a qualifying life event. If you do not experience a qualifying family status change, you must wait until the next Annual Enrollment period to make changes. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education