Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administrative Excellence Breadcrumb Home Main navigation Home About Initiatives The ASC HR Transformation Process Improvement Quick Wins Activity & Opportunity Survey Training FAQs Submit a Suggestion Contact Us Open Search Search Search Process Improvement Quick Wins What Are Quick Wins? "Quick wins” are ideas that can be implemented quickly, with minimal effort, and provide immediate benefit. The Hiring Process Improvement team started with over 100 ideas that were then narrowed down into over 20 actions that were determined to be the most impactful and achievable prior to the opening of the ASC in October 2022. The “quick wins” are primarily made up of communication and training updates while the longer-term improvements that include technology and policy changes will be implemented after the launch of the ASC. The list of quick wins can be viewed below. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Background Check Funding Centralized Effective July 1, 2022, the cost for background screenings is covered for the campus through a centralized Georgia Tech funding source. For all background screenings processed on or after Friday, July 1, the cost will be covered through the new centralized funding source. A background screening worktag number has been created and will be provided to the appropriate parties. The proper adjustments will be made on the backend to ensure all background screenings initiated as of July 1, 2022 are covered through the central funding source. Quick Wins Impacting All Hiring Processes Expand the Hiring Support Center to occur weekly until the ASC opens in October 2022 (rather than only during peak hiring seasons) to answer questions related to all hiring processes; or offer an option for ad-hoc, live consultation support during the off-peak season. Provide an option for all new hires to complete their I-9 verification remotely. Strongly suggest that explanations be provided by approvers for any hiring related transactions that are denied. Establish a "Who's Who in HR" list to help easily identify the right contact to facilitate issue resolution. Revise the onboarding email sent to the new hire to include clearer language about completion times and impacts of late submissions. Offer support sessions to units with the highest denials and retroactive transactions to offer tips and guidance on how to ensure accurate and timely submissions. Determine how to provide real-time metrics so units can see where they are in comparison to the ideal target. Temporarily increase resources in Talent Acquisition and Position Management to support processing direct hire forms (including support for helping units resolve errors) and completion of position related transactions between now and ASC go-live. Update, publish, and maintain a list of ad-hoc approvers on the GTHR website for all hiring classifications. Further simplify the strategic plan alignment process and allow for batch submissions (ability to submit one approval request for multiple positions with the same title). Note: The salary threshold for positions requiring strategic plan alignment approval was recently increased from $100K to $150K. Implement a communication at the end of the hiring process for new employees, (copying hiring managers and initiators), to indicate that the process is complete, welcome the new employee to Georgia Tech, and outline next steps. Explore the feasibility of maintaining an onsite inventory of computer equipment for new hires to help alleviate long lead times associated with ordering new machines. Note: Implementation may occur after October 2022. Effective July 1, 2022, the cost for background screenings is covered for the campus through a centralized Georgia Tech funding source. For all background screenings processed on or after Friday, July 1, the cost will be covered through the new centralized funding source. A background screening worktag number has been created and will be provided to the appropriate parties. The proper adjustments will be made on the backend to ensure all background screenings initiated as of July 1, 2022 are covered through the central funding source. Quick Wins Primarily Impacting Student Hiring Implement a targeted campaign to build awareness that the Student Employment Report is available to Provisioned Initiators in LITE and benefits of using it. Ensure that managers/supervisors are aware that their new hire needs to be approved and processed within OneUSG Connect, not any other system, in order for them to be fully hired. Also communicate the impacts associated with retroactive transactions. Note: We are emphasizing this for students, but it is applicable across all hiring types. Clearly communicate to students that they will receive an onboarding email to their Georgia Tech email address and should check frequently (also include in student video). Work with OIT to safelist emails that come from Equifax and Accurate to Georgia Tech accounts. Note: Success is dependent on the utilization of a Georgia Tech student’s official email address in the direct hire form. Remove GTHR Compensation from the workflow approval process for students in Manager Self Service and Add/Change Position transactions. Determine how to use scripts/ batch uploads and OneUSG Connect queries to auto-feed student hire information to make the student hiring process more efficient. Conduct a separate kaizen (rapid improvement) event to improve the student transfer process in late spring based on the future state student hiring process and implement applicable improvements. Hold sessions each semester for new student employees that guides them through the process of becoming an employee at Georgia Tech. Create videos from these sessions to use for on-demand knowledge transfer in the future. Quick Wins Primarily Impacting Staff Hiring Staff hiring quick wins have been captured under “All Processes”. Quick Wins Primarily Impacting Faculty Hiring Fully eliminate the Request to Negotiate (RTN) process from the Faculty Hiring process and complete the transition (strategic hiring plans have already been submitted, but RTNs for FY 2023 are still being submitted via email to Provost due to time sensitivity of hiring season). Design a procedure for newly hired Faculty to receive system access when they are hired and make sure the access can be transferred to “full access” seamlessly upon their official start date. Investigate providing Office of Vice Provost for Faculty with broader access to Careers to provide more visibility and accessibility into faculty hiring transactions. Quick Wins Primarily Impacting Affiliate Hiring Update communication templates to use in the affiliate hiring process to provide clear information about next steps for everyone involved in the process. Update, correct, or provide missing information as needed for all existing affiliate hiring checklists, standard operating procedures, job aids, guidelines, etc. Quick Wins Primarily Impacting Retired but Working Hiring Update, correct, or provide missing information as needed for all existing RBW checklists, templates, and standard operating procedure materials. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN