Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Overview Compensation Program Review Breadcrumb Home This page will provide an overview of the work we are doing and what we have already accomplished. Check back for updates. Back to Main Page Project Outcomes This project has helped drive future compensation program decisions focused on helping Georgia Tech retain, attract, and appropriately compensate the best and brightest faculty and staff. Below are compensation review program outcomes. Program Timeline Implementation Phases & Annual Review Cycle Dates December 2021 Phase I: Completed Market Equity Study pay adjustments for Staff on Job Classification and Compensation System (JCCS) First Quarter 2022 Phase 2: Issue operationally funded market equity pay adjustments for staff. Click here for Guidelines for Phase 2 Operations. Faculty Phase: Make market equity pay adjustments for employees with faculty classification Market Equity Study Georgia Tech jobs were matched to industry benchmark jobs based on responsibilities noted in the Georgia Tech job descriptions. The initial equity increase budget was allocated to staff identified as low compared to similar jobs outside of Tech and to staff with salaries below the quartile aligned to their years and competency in role. Newly hired and newly promoted employees were excluded from consideration. As a result of the study, the first phase of salary increases for staff occurred in December 2021. The first phase of salary increases for faculty will take place in the first quarter of 2022. Additional adjustments for staff and faculty will be made in a phased approach during 2022 and are dependent on available department budget funding. Georgia Tech also updated its minimum wage for non-temporary employees to $15 per hour. Compensation Strategy, Administration, and Governance A review was conducted of the Georgia Tech compensation philosophy and compensation policies. From this review, we are proposing new guidelines focused on more timely reviews, and the processes used to assess and address those in similar jobs at Georgia Tech. These guidelines and processes will help us meet our goal of maintain a compensation program that contributes to an exceptional and equitable work environment for all employees. Job Structures & Pay Ranges Select components of the Georgia Tech Job Classification and Compensation System (JCCS) were reviewed to determine where changes may be needed. Click here to view the latest changes. Staff pay ranges were designed to allow flexibility in providing pay, while maintaining equity within the Institute and a salary competitive with the relevant job markets. Salary grades were designed to facilitate pay adjustments based on years in role, experience and skills, preferred certifications and degrees, and competencies. Unit HR Representatives will be provided with an employee staff census indicating recommended target placement in market based on years in current role. Individual job performance and job knowledge, as well as the Institute’s financial position, determine the employee’s position in the quartile. In accordance with Georgia Tech and USG policy, employees must be paid at the minimum of the pay grade range, not the minimum of the target quartile. Future Phases | Market & Equity Studies Moving forward, the Compensation Team will collaborate with unit leaders and their HR Representatives to conduct future internal equity and external studies. These studies will focus more on all employees within the same job or job family instead of individual assessments. As many of these jobs within the job families are shared institution-wide collaboration will be required amongst leaders to define scope, complexity and maintain internal equity amongst those similarly situated. Unit leaders should engage their HR Representative, should they require equity reviews of jobs within a job family. Individual equity reviews because of hire, promotion, or reclassification will continue case-by-case. These market and internal equity reviews will be conducted on a quarterly basis. Pay adjustments will be procesesd by Manager or Practitioner workflow in OneUSG Connect and should be in effect at the beginning of a pay period based on the pay frequency of each employee. Pay adjustments should not be retroactive and should be effective at the beginning of a pay period. The Georgia Tech payroll calendar can be found at hr.gatech.edu/payroll for reference. Requests for Equity Increases Above 9.9% Resume In October 2021, we announced a pause on all internal equity increases requiring an approval above 9.9%. Those requests can now resume. The Institute is still required to comply with the University System of Georgia Human Resources Administrative Practice Manual related to the Salary Increase Administrative Process for cumulative increases within a fiscal year. Timing & Processing of Pay Adjustments The number of adjustments in your unit will determine the best processing method. Units with a large number of adjustments should engage their HR Representative and Compensation Consultant to enable transactional loading, which will require planned resources and fixed periods to enable payment However, units with a small number of adjustments can use the Manager/Practitioner workflow within the OneUSG Connect to complete these transactions. Pay adjustments should not be retroactive and should be effective at the beginning of the next on-cycle pay period. Refer to the Georgia Tech payroll calendar hr.gatech.edu/payroll for appropriate dates. Retention Process Reminder The Retention Pool and process is a separate program from the Internal Equity and Market Studies. The retention pool is the mechanism used to retain existing employees who have received an external job offer by making them a counter-offer. The external offer should be for the same job the employee is currently performing at Georgia Tech. If you need assistance with a counter-offer engage your HR Representative. Recently Completed Activities Kicked off the project and compared the current state of the compensation program to market practice Determined Georgia Tech staff and faculty positions to benchmark Presented the faculty pay study methodology to the Georgia Tech Deans Benchmarked staff salaries and developed market equity adjustment recommendations Ongoing and Upcoming Activities Implemented the first phase of the staff market equity increases by notifying employees receiving an increase comparing Georgia Tech pay program practices to leading market practice Benchmarking faculty salaries and developing market equity adjustment recommendations Recommending updates to Georgia Tech job titles, levels and similar Meet the Team Georgia Tech Human Resources (GTHR) is leading this project: Project Team Tineke Battle, Dir of Talent Management, GTRI David Bamburowski, Dir Academic Research Faculty Affairs, Academic Affairs Dawn Baunach, Assc Vice Provost for Graduate Education and Faculty Development, Academic Affairs Jamie Fernandes, Exec Dir Institute Budget Planning, Admin & Finance Chaundra Grant, Communications Program Manager, GTHR Jehan Hailey-Thomas, Compensation Manager, GTHR Leslie Sharp, Dean of Libraries, Acadmic Affairs Kim Toatley, Deputy Dir for Finance and Research Administration, GTRI Treshea N. Wade, Dir of Communications, GTHR Team Leaders Kim D. Harrington, Ph.D, SHRM-SCP, Chief Human Resources Officer, GTHR Kevin Merkel, Senior Director, HR Total Rewards & Payroll, GTHR Mike Shannon, VP & Deputy Chief Business Officer, Admin & Finance Contributors Michael Hagearty, Assistant VP of Campus News and Special Events, Institute Communications Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies </li> Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education