Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administrative Excellence Breadcrumb Home Main navigation Home About Initiatives The ASC HR Transformation Process Improvement Quick Wins Activity & Opportunity Survey Training FAQs Submit a Suggestion Contact Us Open Search Search Search The Administrative Services Center (ASC) The ASC The Administrative Services Center (ASC) is a deliverable of the AdminX initiative. The ASC partners with local and central units to provide efficient and consistent support for administrative operations across the Institute. As of October 17, 2022, the ASC serves as the “front door” for all HR inquiries, the initiation of hiring transactions (all employee types), and employee data management. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Wave 2 Overview and Scope Compensation is the top priority for process improvements, with a focus on transparency, efficiency, and more decision-making at the local level. Near-term, we are launching: A digitized HRAP Administrative Salary Increase (ASI) eRequest to make it easier for users to submit and track the status of your request A job description manager containing standard templates and a library of terms or phases allowing for real time collaboration and tracking We are also adding new HR, IT Audio Visual (AV), and Enterprise Service Desk (ESD) services into the Administrative Service Center (ASC) to provide you with additional administrative efficiency, resources, and support. Be on the lookout for upcoming training opportunities related to the digitized HRAP ASI eRequest and job description tool! Any questions or feedback? Please contact adminx@gatech.edu ASC LAUNCH: OCTOBER 17, 2022 What Changed? New service delivery model New ASC portal (asc.gatech.edu) New eRequest to support direct hire transactions Reduced number of approvals Increased transparency into the hiring process Earlier creation of GTID Enhanced reporting What Didn't Change? Competitive hiring will continue to use Careers via OneUSG Connect Continue to work with your HRBP or HR Director for all hiring initiations What’s Upcoming? Enhanced customer service approach with the ACS Customer Relationship Managers New HR, IT Audio Visual (AV), and Enterprise Service Desk (ESD) Services Training Information View Org Chart View Timeline View Media View Join Our Team Join Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN