Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Human Resources Main navigation About Who is HR? Contact Us Careers Payroll Benefits Benefits Health & Welfare Benefits Work-Life Programs Newly Hired and Eligible Transferring USG & State Benefits Time Away from Work Types of Leave FMLA Vaccine Administrative Day Paid Parental Leave Using Leave for Covid-19 Vaccination Retirement Benefits Separating Benefits Perks & Programs ACA GRA Health Insurance Option Vendor Directory Open Enrollment Be Well: Benefits Education Workshop Series Compensation Compensation Overview Staff Job Descriptions and Salary Structures Salary Job Status: Exempt vs Non-Exempt Job Evaluation & Review Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Faculty Compensation Program Review Overview & Outcomes Glossary & FAQs Phase 2 Guidelines Cost-of-Living Adjustment Employee Resources Global Working @Tech Student Employment Onboarding Resources for Employees Employee Homepage Manager Homepage Employee Relations Performance Management Worker's Compensation Georgia Tech Policy Library Offboarding & Retirement Employees in the EU Nonimmigrant Status Permanent Residence Tax Compliance Travel Insurance Affiliates Flexible Work Options Working @Tech Tool Kit Working @Tech Arrangement Understanding Flexwork Arrangements Flexwork Environments For Employees For Leaders Flexwork Policies Flexwork Resources Guiding Principles News & Events News Events User account menu ASC Portal Forms & Guides Go to OneUSG Open Search Search Search Comprehensive Compensation Program Review Breadcrumb Home Georgia Tech is committed to creating an unmatched workplace experience where all faculty and staff members can grow and thrive. Recognizing that compensation is an important component of the workforce experience, Georgia Tech initiated a review of our compensation programs to address our strategic goals focused on providing a rewarding employee work experience. The Institute is currently partnering with a consulting firm to assess how our existing compensation programs compare to market. This assessment includes a review of Georgia Tech’s compensation strategy, pay ranges, and job structure components. We want to be transparent that this project will not result in an immediate salary increase for each faculty and staff member. We are, however, using this project to drive future compensation program decisions focused on helping Georgia Tech retain, attract, and appropriately compensate the best and brightest faculty and staff. We are collaborating with key leaders and personnel across Georgia Tech to make sure the review’s approach reflects industry best practices and our unique academic and administrative workforce needs. As responsible stewards of the State of Georgia, our market review approach will also reflect our goal to maintain a compensation program that contributes to an exceptional work environment for all employees. Read below for further details on the project’s key focus areas. We invite you to check back regularly for project updates and progress to date. Glossary & FAQs Project Overview & Outcomes Philosophy & Policy Review Georgia Tech is reviewing and refining, where needed, the philosophy that defines our pay programs relative to workforce needs and the markets in which the Institute competes for talent. We are also reviewing of the effectiveness of select Georgia Tech pay policies. This includes reviewing policies focused on the frequency of market equity reviews and individual employee placement in salary ranges. Market Equity Assessment The equity assessment will provide a strategic starting point for determining where changes might be needed to Georgia Tech’s compensation program. This may include updates, where appropriate, to the structure used to adjust salaries based on market comparisons. Insights developed through the assessment will help Georgia Tech compete for talent in our relevant labor markets through a compensation program that complies with the administrative and regulatory framework of the USG. While each faculty and staff member at Georgia Tech is valued, not every employee will receive an increase through this market equity review. Though total years of service is valued by the Institute, only the employees years of experience in their current job can be used for this assessment. Staff equity adjustments were effective December 2021. Adjustments will be made through a phased approach, starting with the most disparate positions to market and priority areas with significant turnover. We appreciate your patience as we progress through the market equity review. The assessment is a high priority for academic and administrative leadership; all adjustments will be approached with careful consideration Job Structures and Pay Ranges All staff positions at Georgia Tech are part of the Job Classification and Compensation System (JCCS). View JCCS Academic Job Structures & Pay Ranges The academic market study was conducted to better align faculty members’ salaries with the market and strengthen Tech’s ability to attract and retain the best faculty across all categories. The academic pay scales are listed below. Click to access. Tenured Faculty Lecturers Extension Professionals Academic Professionals Research Librarians & Archivists Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Art Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education