Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administrative Excellence Breadcrumb Home Main navigation Home About Initiatives The ASC HR Transformation Process Improvement Quick Wins Activity & Opportunity Survey Training FAQs Submit a Suggestion Contact Us Open Search Search Search HR Transformation Reimagining Human Resources for Georgia Tech With the Administrative Services Center (ASC) launch in October 2022, many transactional activities are shifting away from central HR and local units. We are also introducing a new HR service delivery model supported by Georgia Tech Human Resources (GTHR), the ASC, Faculty Affairs (OFA), and the GTRI Talent Management Department (TMD). GTHR remains as the central and accountable HR office at Georgia Tech. The ASC will absorb responsibility for execution of many HR operational activities and GTHR’s responsibility will shift to more programmatic, consultative, and strategic focus. This move creates an exciting opportunity to transform GTHR into an even stronger asset for our employees and our campus. This is an opportunity to create, identify, and implement HR best practices and strategies in a way that will make Georgia Tech a premier place to work. Creating a New Mission & Vision In May 2022, Skye Duckett, Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, created a 12-member cross-functional steering committee charged with engaging in research and data gathering to inform the development of a strategic plan which will chart GTHR’s course for the next several years. The goal was to develop a clearly-defined, well-informed, data-driven and stakeholder-supported strategy for GTHR that aligns with the Institute’s and Administration and Finance’s strategic plans. Thanks to a dynamic collaboration with Georgia Tech Strategic Consulting, the 15-week strategic planning process yielded GTHR’s new mission, vision, goals, and objectives. Mission In support of the mission of the Institute, HR is dedicated to partnering with Georgia Tech’s colleges and business units to maximize the potential of our greatest strength — our people —while supporting their well-being. We are committed to attracting, advancing, and celebrating our global and inclusive workforce, while providing exceptional HR services. Vision HR will support Georgia Tech to become a leading employer of choice where our people thrive and feel included, supported, and valued. To achieve our goal, we will serve as a trusted, collaborative partner for all stakeholders. Get To Know The New GTHR GTHR is in the process of an organizational transformation in parallel with the launch of a new central service center, the ASC. The new design for GTHR will: Leverage the launch of the ASC as an opportunity to better support Institute leadership on people strategy, Add new roles to address organizational and Institute pain points, Provide new services to the Institute (e.g., recruitment branding, workforce and succession planning, people analytics), and Provide clearer career paths for HR staff that span the broader Institute. Most importantly, we are seeking to create a seamless and efficient customer experience and partnership for all Georgia Tech students and employees. Our Aspirations GTHR aspires to: Provide best in class service and HR guidance to support the Institute. Be proactive rather than reactive. Bring a solution-oriented mindset. Enable and support institutional growth. Live the Institute’s goals and values. Guiding Principles These guiding principles informed the organizational design process: Deliver strategic HR functions that empower talent in line with the vision and goals for the Institute, colleges, and units Define a clear set of competencies and procedures that ensure consistent delivery on services that matter the most to end users Build a strong community among, and attractive career paths for, HR practitioners regardless of where they sit Build flexibility and agility into structures that allow the organization to deliver as needs evolve, while staying efficient and being no larger than necessary Design spans of control consistent with similar job functions and industry standards. Frequently Asked Questions View Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Where We Are Headed The focus on Administrative Excellence sets the foundation for a remarkable transformation for GTHR. In the future state, HR services will be delivered to the Institute through multiple channels, all of which will be built upon and governed by the same core foundational components. Here’s how implementing the shared service center transforms the day-to-day work for Georgia Tech HR professionals. As you can see from the image below, under the current, traditional model, much of the work performed by HR professionals is transactional. Focusing on transactions doesn’t leave much time for the advisement and functional work, and leaves even less time for strategic partnership and collaboration. As a portion of the workload shifts to the ASC, HR professionals will have expanded bandwidth and capacity to provide enhanced advisement and strategic support. This means they can be more empowered to provide impactful strategic services, such as workforce planning, employee engagement and retention strategies. Share Your Thoughts We are excited to receive your input as we continue to define and develop a forward path for HR. Tell us what you think about GTHR’s proposed mission and vision—or anything. We ask for your support as a champion of these transformative efforts and of progress. Your direct feedback will help us continue to improve and grow. Provide Feedback Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Progress To Date Here is summary of organizational changes and operational achievements that occurred in FY23. March 2022 Draft HR Transformation Plan April 2022 Draft HR Transformation Plan April 2022 HR Transformation Launch HR Organizational Chart View Timeline View Media View Join Our Team Join Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN