Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Strategic Plan Main navigation Home Strategic Plan Home A Message From President Cabrera A Letter From the Co-Chairs Vision and Values The Georgia Tech Vision Our Values Focus Areas Strategic Focus Areas Amplify Impact Champion Innovation Connect Globally Expand Access Cultivate Well-Being Lead by Example Initiatives and Progress About Journey of the Plan Campus Involvement User account menu Log in Open Search Search Frequently Asked Questions Breadcrumb Home What is a strategic plan? A strategic plan is used as a blueprint to define strategy, direction, and goals for an organization. It also outlines the actions needed to achieve those goals. At Georgia Tech, we are embarking on a strategic planning process to map our course for the future by collectively defining our aspirations for the next decade. Why are we changing the existing strategic plan? The presidential transition creates a natural opportunity to reassess the existing strategic plan that was crafted 10 years ago. Much has changed and been achieved since then, and we need to reevaluate our current state, build on our successes, drive positive change, and create a shared vision for how we want Georgia Tech to make its mark on the world. What tools/tactics will be used to build the new strategic plan? The new strategic planning process will incorporate the principles of appreciative inquiry in order to gain insight across campus and formulate an inclusive and inspiring vision for the Institute’s future. What is appreciative inquiry? Appreciative inquiry is a planning model that leverages the power of positive conversation and stories of success to help stakeholders plan based upon an institution’s core strengths and capabilities. Why was appreciative inquiry chosen as the approach for this process? Because the point of appreciative inquiry is to focus on an organization’s strengths, it is expected to generate momentum for positive change and innovation. This approach will enable the Institute to focus on its strengths and drive change by asking the question: “What could be?” By bringing together students, faculty, staff, alumni, partners, friends of Georgia Tech, and members of the local community, we look forward to building a common dream for the future of Georgia Tech. Additionally, using an approach based upon embracing successes already in place means that we will be allowing for incorporating elements of the current strategic plan that are collectively viewed as beneficial, as opposed to starting from scratch. What is the timeframe for this new strategic plan? The intent is to develop a 10-year strategic plan, with 5-year implementation and review goals. How will the process work? Our appreciative inquiry model will engage a broad group of internal and external stakeholders (through in-person meetings, events, focus groups, webinars, social campaign forums, and virtual groups to get the greatest engagement from our community both locally and internationally) to: Appreciate and value the best of “what is.” Envision “what might be.” Discuss “what should be.” Innovate “what will be” and “how to do it.” The entire planning process consists of three main phases: Visioning Phase (September 2019 - January 2020): Large numbers of diverse stakeholders will provide input (via the appreciative inquiry process) to shape the Institute’s mission, vision, and values. A document will be produced that includes: a mission statement, a vision narrative, a set of values, and a list of strategic themes. Goal-Setting Phase (February - June 2020): Campus thought leaders and subject matter experts will organize around the key strategic themes identified in the Visioning Phase to define goals, objectives, timelines, and metrics. A document will be produced that lists detailed goals and metrics for each of the strategic themes. Implementation Phase (July - December 2020): The Institute will begin implementing the strategic plan at the unit level. The plan will be operationalized by integrating the plan’s institutional goals into unit-level annual planning. What will become of the work that’s already in progress in support of the existing strategic plan? The Institute will use key pieces of information already gathered, including the Ethical Culture Indicator (ECI), Comprehensive Administrative Review (CAR), etc., to help guide the planning process. Additional inputs will include strategic planning guidance from the University System of Georgia (USG) and units throughout the Institute who are in the midst of their own strategy and planning processes. How can I participate? Feedback from all members of the campus community wishing to participate will be captured through opportunities presented via an assortment of channels such as: in-person meetings, events, focus groups, webinars, social campaign forums, and virtual groups. Look for announcements advising of the most convenient option to add your voice to the conversation. How is data being captured? Stakeholder input is being captured through a series of workshops, known as appreciative inquiry sessions, using methods such as flipcharts, electronic boards, Qualtrics forms, etc. The facilitators of these sessions are recording the input weekly to trace the common themes that are emerging. How will my input be used? The input gathered during the first phase – the visioning phase – will be compiled and aggregated to develop strategic themes and will also be woven into mission, vision, and values statements. Those elements will then be used to inform the process as we move into the goal-setting phase, which is the next step. The goal-setting phase will be the point in the process in which the themes that emerged during the appreciative inquiry sessions are used to define strategic goals, objectives, and metrics.