Skip to main content My Ad Center Help Sign in Google Help Help Center My Ad Center Privacy Policy Terms of Service Submit feedback Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Next My Ad Center Customize your ads experience In this article How you can customize your ads experience Customize ad topics and brands Limit ads about sensitive topics How you can customize your ads experience With My Ad Center, you can customize your ads experience on Google services to see ads about things you like more often and ads about things you don’t like less often. You can: Customize ad topics and brands – to tell Google what kinds of things you want to see more or fewer ads about. Limit ads about sensitive topics – to tell Google not show you ads about certain sensitive topics, like alcohol or gambling. Turn on or off personalized ads on Google – to tell Google whether or not to use your preferences, info, and activity to show you relevant ads. Customizing your ads and limiting ads about sensitive topics do not affect the ads you see in the same way. When you customize your ads, you let Google know your preferences and we try to show you ads that suit them. If you ask to see fewer ads from a brand or topic, you may still see relevant ads from that brand or topic, but should see ads of different brands or topics more often. When you limit ads about sensitive topics, we recognize that the topic might be uncomfortable for you and make our best attempt to not show you ads about those topics. Learn more about how to limit ads about sensitive topics. Customize ad topics and brands With My Ad Center, you can customize your ads by choosing the topics and brands that you’d like to get more or fewer ads about. By customizing your ads, you have greater control of the kinds of ads you see on Google services, like Search and YouTube. When you customize your ad, you are influencing how Google determines what ads to show you. If you tell Google you’d like to see more ads about hiking and see fewer ads about jewelry, you may start to see more ads related to the outdoors and fewer ones related to necklaces. Customizing your ads does not block ad topics or brands Customizing your ads doesn't mean you'll see more or fewer ads overall. When you tell Google you want to see fewer ads about a topic or brand, you’ll start to see fewer ads about that topic or brand soon. In some instances, however, you still might see an ad about that topic or brand. For example, if you wanted to see fewer ads about jewelry, but use Google Search to look for earrings, you may see ads for earrings. On Google You can customize your ads in My Ad Center and on ads you see on Google services. To customize your ads, when you see an ad on Google: On the ad, select More. Select See more or See fewer on the topics or brands you want to see more or fewer ads about. This feature isn’t available if you’ve turned personalized ads off or are signed out of your Google Account. Learn more how to turn on or off personalized ads on Google. In My Ad Center To customize ad topics and brands in My Ad Center: Go to My Ad Center Select Customize Ads Topics or Brands. Select See more or See fewer on the topics or brands you want to see more or fewer ads about. Go to My Ad Center Limit ads about sensitive topics With My Ad Center you can limit the ads you see about certain topics that you might find uncomfortable. You can limit whether you’ll see ads about certain sensitive ad topics, including: Alcohol Dating Gambling Pregnancy and parenting Weight loss We will make our best attempt to not show you ads about the topics you’ve chosen, but in some cases these ads may still appear. You might see an ad about something else that may still feature the topic you’ve limited. For example: you might see an airline ad featuring someone drinking a glass of champagne. If you search for something related to a topic you’ve chosen to limit, you might see contextual ads about that topic in your search results. For example: if you use Google Search to look for the best dating app, you may see ads for dating apps in your search results. When you limit ads about sensitive topics, it affects the ads you see on Google services while you are signed in to your Google Account. How to limit ads about sensitive topics To limit ads about sensitive topics: Go to My Ad Center. Select Customize Ads Sensitive. Select the toggle next to each topic you’d like to limit. Confirm your selection. To allow ads about the sensitive topics you’ve limited again, repeat the steps above. Go to My Ad Center Was this helpful? How can we improve it? YesNo Submit true Help Getting started with My Ad Center Control the ads you see when you see them Customize your ads experience Control what data Google uses to show you ads Limit ads about sensitive topics on Google ©2023 Google Privacy Policy Terms of Service català‎dansk‎Deutsch‎eesti‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎Filipino‎français‎hrvatski‎Indonesia‎italiano‎latviešu‎lietuvių‎magyar‎Melayu‎Nederlands‎norsk‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎slovenščina‎suomi‎svenska‎Tiếng Việt‎Türkçe‎čeština‎Ελληνικά‎български‎русский‎српски‎українська‎‏עברית‏العربيةहिन्दी‎ไทย‎中文（简体）‎中文（繁體）‎中文（香港）‎日本語‎한국어‎ English‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback on... This help content & information General Help Center experience Search Clear search Close search Google apps Main menu Search Help Center true true false false