Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Admissions Checklist Admissions Checklist Some applicants—though potentially qualified—may not be considered because their applications are incomplete, or their interests are not made clear. Please be thorough in completing the application materials and use the information below to ensure you meet all deadlines. Apply Now Prospective Students Requirements for All Degrees All degree program applicants must complete the online Graduate Admissions application through Georgia Tech’s Graduate Admissions office. Admissions materials include: Georgia Tech Application for Graduate Admission. Three letters of recommendation. Official transcripts from all previously attended institutions of higher learning. Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Scores* Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) for applicants whose first language is other than English * GRE requirements vary by program; please see program-specific information below. Learn more about supporting documents Program Specific Requirements Click below to find program specific requirements. Check them off as you go! Master of City and Regional Planning Admitted MCRP students have strong academic records and are able to clearly communicate their reasons for pursuing an advanced degree in City and Regional Planning. Applicants typically demonstrate academic performance that meet or exceed the following criteria for admission into the MCRP program: A 3.0/4.0 undergraduate GPA and a 3.5/4.0 master’s degree GPA if applicable. Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Scores of 150 for Verbal Reasoning, 150 for Quantitative Reasoning, and 4.0 Analytical Writing. Submitting GRE scores is optional, yet encouraged, especially if an applicant wants to be considered for merit-based financial aid. TOEFL iBT Scores, if applicable, with a minimum of 100. The MCRP program has two deadlines. To be considered for merit-based departmental aid, such as fellowships and GRA applications, you must submit and application in full by January 15th. All other applications should be submitted by February 15th. Those who are accepted to the program without merit-based departmental aid still have several options for assistance in funding their education. We look for master's degree students who will successfully advance the quality of life in communities through planning work after graduation. Excellence in prior academic work is essential, but priority is given to applicants who have demonstrated effectiveness as leaders, analysts and/or designers in previous paid or volunteer settings. Dual Degree applicants must be admitted to the MCRP program and the additional degree program separately. Please visit our dual degree webpage for more information, and refer to the other school's websites for information on their admissions process and requirements. M.S. in Geographic Information Science and Technology Applicants typically demonstrate academic performance that meet or exceed the following criteria for admission into the MS-GISTprogram: A 3.0/4.0 undergraduate GPA and a 3.5/4.0 master’s degree GPA if applicable. Graduate Record Examination (GRE) Scores of 150 for Verbal Reasoning, 150 for Quantitative Reasoning, and 4.0 Analytical Writing. Submitting GRE scores is optional, yet encouraged, especially if an applicant wants to be considered for merit-based financial aid. TOEFL iBT Scores, if applicable, with a minimum of 100. The MS-GIST program has two deadlines. To be considered for merit-based departmental aid, such as fellowships and GRAs, applications must be submitted in full by January 15th. All other applications should be submitted by March 15th. Those who are accepted to the program without merit-based departmental aid still have several options for assistance in funding their education. The MS-GIST committee does not apply a strict admission formula but considers the full range of information included in program applications. Master of Science in Urban Analytics We are looking for exceptional students with a strong interest in the application of analytics/data-science to pressing urban challenges. Minimum requirements for admission include a Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent), and the completion of at least one college-level course in mathematics, probability and statistics, each with a satisfactory grade of “C” or better. In addition, some basic knowledge of computer programming using a high-level language (Python, Java, etc.) is desired, but not required. Preparation for the MSUA degree can be demonstrated by past performance on appropriate coursework and/or by workplace experience as well as standardized testing. Applicants who do not meet the course requirements may be admitted with the provision they complete those requirements prior to enrollment in particular classes. Applicants will be required to provide GRE scores, TOEFL (for international students), academic transcripts, a personal statement, and three letters of recommendation. Required scores (minimums and anticipated admissions standards) will be commensurate with each unit’s current standards for its existing master’s degree programs. As much as appropriate, there will be consistent admissions standards across students whose backgrounds are from the disciplines represented in the interdisciplinary curriculum. The MS-UA program has two deadlines. To be considered for merit-based departmental aid, such as fellowships and GRAs, applications must be submitted in full by January 15th. All other applications should be submitted by March 15th. Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning In addition to the general requirements described above that must be submitted to the Georgia Tech’s Graduate Admissions office, the following materials are also required for admission to the Ph.D. program: Answers to the following questions: Describe what you have done to prepare yourself for study in a Ph.D. Program. Why have you chosen to apply to the Ph.D. program in - City and Regional Planning at Georgia Institute of Technology? Which of our current faculty members would be well suited to serve as an advisor to your research and why? What area of planning research is of particular interest to you, and how might you explore this interest as a doctoral student at Georgia Tech? What are your academic and research goals and career plans? Personal biography Examples of previous research and written work Criteria for admission into the Ph.D. program: Students admitted to the Ph.D. program in city and regional planning normally will have completed the requirements for the Master of City and Regional Planning or a related Master’s degree program GRE scores is required for the admission of this program, with a minimum score of 150 (Verbal), 150 (Quantitative) and 4.0 (Analytical Writing). For non-native speakers of English, an iB TOEFL score of 100 or higher is required. In addition, students admitted to the program may be required to have additional preparation appropriate to their field of study. The application deadline for PhD admissions is January 15th. Join Our Prospective Student Email List Interested in learning more about the School of City & Regional Planning? Want to hear about our upcoming information sessions? Do you need a reminder to start on your application as deadlines approach? Sign up here to join our mailing list for interested students! Sign up here! Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in