Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan Open Search Search Search A proud alumnus, Ángel Cabrera brings his commitments to professional ethics, internationalization, diversity and inclusion, and corporate social responsibility to Georgia Tech as the Institute's 12th president. Meet President Cabrera Institute Address Watch the address Transforming Tomorrow: The Campaign for Georgia Tech Learn about the campaign 2022 President's Report Read the Report Conversations with Cabrera Watch the Videos Commitment to Ethics Ethics at Georgia Tech Commitment to Diversity Georgia Tech Office of Diversity December 2022 This past weekend, we awarded more than 5,600 bachelor’s, master’s, and doctor’s degrees to another remarkable group of graduates. Representing 82 countries around the world, these graduates come from all backgrounds and circumstances, and they are embarking on a multitude of different paths. Yet, they all leave the Institute with a keen ability to solve problems, the confidence to innovate… read more November 2022 Every chance I get, I love to drop by and visit faculty and students in their labs. Invariably, I’m amazed by the breadth and depth of ingenuity and expertise on our campus — the discoveries, inventions, and innovative solutions to some of the most important issues facing humanity. October 2022 Last week, I had the pleasure of introducing J Batt, our new director of Athletics, to the Yellow Jacket community. During our joint press conference, J reflected on the fact that three of the most prestigious national awards in intercollegiate athletics — the Bobby Dodd Coach of the Year Award, the Heisman Trophy, and the Homer Rice Award — are named after three of his predecessors at Georgia… read more View Newsletter Archive View Newsletter Archive Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Conversations with Cabrera Sherry Boschert Journalist and activist Sherry Boschert discusses her latest book, 37 Words: Title IX and Fifty Years of Fighting Sex Discrimination,… See all candid conversations View Previous Conversations President's Blog Guided by Ethics November 4, 2022 Our mission to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition relies on a set of core values, including — very importantly —… Dedicating the New John Lewis Student Center at Georgia Tech October 6, 2022 On Sept. 29, Georgia Tech students, faculty, and staff gathered with alumni, friends, and donors to dedicate the new John Lewis Student Center. The… Carbice Grand Opening on the Beltline September 13, 2022 On Aug. 31, I had the pleasure of speaking alongside Atlanta Mayor Andre Dickens and Georgia Lt. Gov. Geoff Duncan at the grand opening of the… See all blog posts Contact Ángel Cabrera 404.894.5051 Email Ángel Cabrera In order to effectively manage the volume of event requests, all event organizers should submit an Event Request form at their earliest convenience (at least eight weeks prior to the event date is recommended). Event Request Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education