Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Urban Climate Lab Home Team Projects Current Projects 3HEAT Study U.S. Blackout Tracker Urban Heat + Health Climate Justice + Compound Events Urban Climate Modeling Heat Risk Surveillance Project Archive Publications Data + Resources News Archive Welcome to the Urban Climate Lab! The Urban Climate Lab is a group of researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology who are exploring the connections between climate change and the built environment. Through this website, we hope to highlight the range of mechanisms through which land use change, both within and outside of cities, is driving ongoing warming trends and impacting human and environmental health. Globally, urbanized areas account for the majority of the human population but have received relatively little attention in climate change research. The UCL integrates expertise in the realms of environmental science, urban design, and public health to develop urban heat management strategies for cities. Urban heat management is focused on reducing heat exposure through physical changes to the built environment of large cities. While all regions of the planet are growing hotter over time due to the global greenhouse effect, cities are warming much faster than the planet as a whole due to the urban heat island effect – a climate change process through which cities are rendered hotter due to deforestation and the extensive use of heat-absorbing materials. The Urban Climate Lab not only works within the realm of urban heat management, we defined it. If conventional patterns of urban development enhance temperatures within large cities, greener, climate-adaptive forms of development can lower temperatures. Depicted in these maps, the use of highly reflective roofing materials and street trees across Atlanta, Georgia would substantially lower daily high temperatures during heat wave conditions. Our work shows that urban heat management strategies in cities can literally change the weather. We hope you will explore our ongoing projects focused on climate modeling, urban heat + health, climate equity, and heat risk surveillance. Thanks for visiting! Reader Interactions Primary Sidebar Affiliations Georgia Tech | College of Design | School of City and Regional Planning Sponsors National Science Foundation | National Institute of Health | US Forest Service Stone's book, The City and the Coming Climate: Climate Change in the Places We Live (Cambridge University Press), is available from Amazon. Recent News Georgians without air conditioning endure dangerous heat How tech can help paint a clearer picture of extreme heat in Atlanta – WABE Facing a sizzling summer, large parts of the U.S. risk blackouts, government agency warns - CBS News UCL Presentation to Georgia Municipal Association UCL study featured on Last Week Tonight with John Oliver Yang's Georgia Tech studio applies new analytics to reduce flood risk, increase resiliency in Tokyo Mallen interviewed on Dense City podcast episode, "Lights Out: Climate Change and Infrastructure Risk Hot Summer Nights Get Hotter, and More Dangerous - New York Times NYT Article: Biden Administration to Draft Rules on Workplace Heat Dangers Everything Under the Sun Podcast, "Blackouts are increasing due to severe weather" Wirecutter Article: Why I Douse My Whole Body With Cold Water Every Night Atlanta's heat wave and blackout risk in Atlanta Magazine UCL work featured in the New York Times UCL work featured in the Wall Street Journal Heat hits people of color the hardest -- Washington Post Mallen interviewed for story on "heat officer" position in Miami Radio Ecoshock Podcast featuring UCL work on heat waves and blackouts Stone interviewed for CBS story on heat waves and blackouts Extreme heat risks may be widely underestimated UCL study featured in New York Times Stone on the Daily Show: Arizona in the Grip of Climate Change Stone interviewed for New York Magazine story on adaptation UCL study featured in the Atlantic Copyright © 2023 · Maker Pro on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in