Every chance I get, I love to drop by and visit faculty and students in their labs. Invariably, I’m amazed by the breadth and depth of ... ##SENDGRIDOPENTRACKING## View in browser Update from Georgia Tech President Ángel Cabrera November 2022 President Cabrera (second from left) visits the WATER Lab run by Marta Hatzell (left), associate professor of mechanical engineering, in the J. Erskine Love Jr. Manufacturing Building. In their investigations of sustainable catalysis and separations processes, researchers at Hatzell's lab aim to develop new materials and technologies that address food, energy, and water challenges. (Photo by Joya Chapman) Dear Friends: Every chance I get, I love to drop by and visit faculty and students in their labs. Invariably, I’m amazed by the breadth and depth of ingenuity and expertise on our campus — the discoveries, inventions, and innovative solutions to some of the most important issues facing humanity. The following is just a sample of what my colleagues do every day. Professor Andrei Fedorov in the George W. Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering recently explained how his background in math and thermal and fluid sciences is helping him address a whole range of problems — from cell therapies and nanoscale 3D printing to engines that can extract hydrogen from natural gas and capture carbon along the way. An accomplished scholar with hundreds of publications and dozens of patents under his belt, he has also founded several companies. His latest one, Andson Biotech, provides a platform to analyze critical biochemicals in support of advanced cellular and genetic therapies. Increasingly, our faculty are building businesses based on technologies developed in their labs, and some of these startups are making an impact in the local economy. A couple of months ago, I joined Atlanta Mayor Andre Dickens (CHE 1998) and Georgia Lt. Gov. Geoff Duncan (Cls 1997) at the grand opening of Carbice’s new headquarters and manufacturing facility along the Beltline in Atlanta’s West End neighborhood. Founded by Professor Baratunde Cola in collaboration with his students, Carbice manufactures thermal interface carbon nanotube materials that allow electronics to operate more efficiently (Carbice nanotubes are already orbiting the Earth aboard operational satellites). In partnership with colleagues at Georgia Tech, the Georgia Tech Research Institute, and other universities, Associate Professor Marta Hatzell was recently awarded a prestigious National Science Foundation Engineering Research Center tasked with solving an important environmental problem caused by nitrogen-based fertilizers. Nitrogen has been revolutionary in increasing crop yields to feed a human population that has just reached 8 billion. Unfortunately — she explained to me — 80% of fertilizers are wasted and washed away, consuming energy and polluting watersheds. Her project will create novel ways to recover and reuse nitrogen compounds, thus contributing to a nitrogen circular-economy. Earlier this fall, I visited Ryan Lively, professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering (CHBE), after he, fellow CHBE Professor Krista Walton, and other colleagues at Georgia Tech and other leading laboratories in the country received a third round of funding from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop materials that are critical in producing clean energy and capturing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. In fact, hundreds of faculty members, postdoctoral scholars, and students at Georgia Tech work on energy-related issues from clean energy (hydrogen, solar) to storage, distribution, combustion, and carbon capture. Their work is attracting the interest of large energy companies and inspiring new ones. You may recall Sila Nanotechnologies, the battery startup co-founded by Professor Gleb Yushin that raised $590 million in venture capital funding and signed a deal with Mercedes-Benz to equip the new, all-electric G-Class SUV. The Department of Energy just awarded Sila a $100 million grant to help fund the construction of a new factory that will produce enough material to power next-generation batteries for hundreds of thousands of electric vehicles and hundreds of millions of cellphones every year. Business and public policy faculty, too, are working on sustainable business models and policies. In the context of a book I’m currently editing about the Sustainable Development Goals, I learned from Professors Beril Toktay and Marilyn Brown about the Drawdown Georgia project, a research-based collaborative effort involving Emory, Georgia State University, the University of Georgia, leading companies, and nongovernmental organizations that is helping our state reach net-zero emissions by 2050. On a different subject, a couple of months ago, I interviewed Amy Bruckman, Regents’ Professor in the School of Interactive Computing, about her book Should You Believe Wikipedia?, a timely critical review of social media platforms. Little did we know that, weeks later, Elon Musk would close the purchase of Twitter, launching a fascinating debate about the desirability of various design features and algorithms powering commercial social media. I felt much better prepared to understand what is happening after reading her book and hearing her thoughts. Our faculty are developing revolutionary cell-based therapies and pediatric medical devices and studying animal movement and behavior to build better robots (I learned from Professor David Hu that at least 10 ants are needed to form a waterproof raft and survive a flood). They’re reinventing the toilet to avoid infectious diseases in places without sanitation, building broadband infrastructure in rural Georgia, and studying faraway black holes and deep oceans. They’re inspiring K-12 students to become inventors, supporting students to launch startups (CREATE-X has already produced 300 startups with a combined value of nearly $2 billion), and partnering with English Avenue neighbors (where nearly half of the homes are vacant, and two-thirds of the residents live below the federal poverty line) to catalyze economic development and retrofit historic houses into examples of sustainable design. When we say that we develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition, this is what we mean. Thank you for all you do to support the amazing work of our faculty. In Progress and Service, Celebrating 70 Years of Women at Tech This year marks the 70th anniversary of women enrolling at Georgia Tech. Today, more women engineers graduate from Georgia Tech than any other program in the nation. Eleven women share their thoughts and insights on the past, present, and future of women at Tech. Read More Read More Roper Joins Defense Innovation Board Will Roper (PHYS 2001, M.S. PHYS 2002), distinguished professor of the practice in the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs, has joined the Defense Innovation Board, an advisory panel for the U.S. Secretary of Defense that provides the department's top leaders with advice and recommendations on future challenges. Read More Read More Startup Develops Potential Cure for Type 1 Diabetes Georgia Tech researchers have developed a new biomaterial that could cure Type 1 diabetes. This groundbreaking platform therapy induces immune acceptance of curative transplanted cells and is the basis for the startup, iTolerance. The therapies have the potential to not only cure Type 1 diabetes but also regenerate failing livers. Read More Read More Georgia Tech Launches Center for Urban Research In partnership with the Atlanta Mayor's Office, Georgia Tech has launched a new Center for Urban Research that will seek to develop collaborative solutions to socioeconomic inequities in urban areas. Through a combination of scholarship and outreach, faculty experts will work alongside municipal, community, and nonprofit leaders to develop cutting-edge research on community development based on the Atlanta experience and best practices from around the world. Read More Read More Georgia Tech Entrepreneur Pursuing Greener Energy Sila Nanotechnologies, a revolutionary battery company co-founded by Gleb Yushin, professor in the School of Materials Science and Engineering, was recently awarded $100 million from the U.S. Department of Energy. The funds, plus private investments, will be used to build out Sila’s new 600,000-square-foot facility in Moses Lake, Washington, where the company will scale manufacturing of its proprietary silicon-based anode materials. Sila anticipates enough production to power 200,000 electric vehicles by 2026. Read More Read More The Secret to the Skillful Skydiving of Wingless Springtails In a recent study, Georgia Tech researchers demonstrate how the tiny springtail leaps off the surface of water, spins, and lands perfectly in the same spot. This new understanding of the advanced biomechanics of the hexapod's escape response could lead to advances in fields from robotics to aerodynamics. Read More Read More Georgia Tech Office of the President Institute Communications, 177 North Ave. NW Atlanta, GA, 30313, United States Unsubscribe