Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan Open Search Search Search President's Blog Breadcrumb Home President's Blog Guided by Ethics Posted: Friday, November 4, 2022 Ethics Week is here at Georgia Tech, and I encourage everyone in our community to participate in these five days of events (lectures, games, giveaways and more!) and learn practical strategies for strengthening our culture and work environment, both through our own behavior and the ways we respond to others. Our mission to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition relies on a set of core values, including — very importantly — our commitment to act ethically, to hold one another to the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct, to be transparent and accountable, and to earn and maintain the public trust. As stewards of precious public resources — taxpayer appropriations, family tuition dollars, sponsored research, and philanthropic contributions — we must make adherence to strict ethical behavior an integral part of our culture. It’s not just what we do, but how we do it, that matters. The commitment to ethical conduct extends to all our public universities in Georgia. Indeed, the University System of Georgia’s (USG) mission demands integrity, good judgment, and dedication to public service from all members of the USG community. So, this will not just be Ethics Week at Georgia Tech, but we will be joining our 25 fellow public institutions and the Board of Regents University System Office in hosting activities and bringing awareness to the importance of an ethical culture and our shared core values of integrity, excellence, accountability, and respect. This year’s theme is Guided by Ethics: Navigating the World Today. All this week (Nov. 7 – 11), campus experts and guest speakers will join the Office of Ethics and Compliance to present on a variety of topics tailored to the needs of our many community members. You can find the full schedule of events and activities that Georgia Tech and the USG have planned here. No matter what role any of us has — whether we’re students, faculty, staff, or affiliates — our work should proceed from an unimpeachable commitment to upright conduct that extends across everything we do. I am proud of our students, faculty, and staff for holding fast to these commitments and setting a good example for others to follow. As a reminder, our Annual Compliance Training is also underway. The required training prepares each of us to exercise sound ethical judgment, act with integrity and transparency, and understand our responsibilities to USG and Institute policies. There’s no better time to complete this training than Ethics Week, and I encourage you to get started soon. I hope to see you around campus at some of our many Ethics Week events. Thank you for all you do to promote an ethical culture at Georgia Tech. Go Jackets! –Ángel Ángel Cabrera Download photo (jpg 641kb) President's Blog Guided by Ethics November 4, 2022 Our mission to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition relies on a set of core values, including — very importantly —… Dedicating the New John Lewis Student Center at Georgia Tech October 6, 2022 On Sept. 29, Georgia Tech students, faculty, and staff gathered with alumni, friends, and donors to dedicate the new John Lewis Student Center. The… See all blog posts Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education </div>