This past weekend, we awarded more than 5,600 bachelor’s, master’s, and doctor’s degrees to another remarkable group of graduates. Representing 82 ... ##SENDGRIDOPENTRACKING## View in browser Update from Georgia Tech President Ángel Cabrera December 2022 Graduates celebrate on the field at Bobby Dodd Stadium during the bachelor's degree ceremony on Saturday, Dec. 17. (Photo by Joya Chapman) Dear Friends: This past weekend, we awarded more than 5,600 bachelor’s, master’s, and doctor’s degrees to another remarkable group of graduates. Representing 82 countries around the world, these graduates come from all backgrounds and circumstances, and they are embarking on a multitude of different paths. Yet, they all leave the Institute with a keen ability to solve problems, the confidence to innovate and lead, and a commitment to drive positive change. Here are just a handful of examples of the inspiring graduates we’ve just sent out into the world. After losing his little brother, Ouni, to cancer at the age of 15, Omar Kayyali dedicated himself to the pursuit and advancement of biomedical engineering and cancer treatment. As a team captain for St. Baldrick’s Foundation, a nonprofit that supports childhood cancer research, he shaves his head every year and organizes events and fundraisers through Tech’s Sigma Phi Epsilon chapter. An Eagle Scout and Sandy Springs native, he’s also a member of peristriPT, a team of five seniors who developed a surgical device that recently won them the top biomedical engineering prize at the Fall 2022 Capstone Expo. Their device, the Eagle Pro, drastically streamlines a long, dangerous, and invasive surgical procedure for patients with peritoneal cancer, offering treatment that’s safer, more effective, and less expensive. With her degree in chemical and biomolecular engineering, Mariah Washington has her sights set on a career in pharmaceutical research and development. A native of Nashville, Tennessee, she’s a Provost Scholar, the president of the Nu Beta Chapter of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority at Georgia Tech, and a member of the National Society of Black Engineers. In the spirit of giving back and inspiring others, she has devoted her past couple of years to mentoring and advising younger students through Tech’s Office of Minority Educational Development and Center for Engineering Education and Diversity, where she shares wisdom, guidance, and best practices for excelling as a STEM student at Tech. Nearly 50 years after earning a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Georgia Tech, Beth Quay has her master’s, too. She’s 71 now, and since 2019, she has been working toward an Online Master of Science in Analytics from her farm in Royston, Georgia, which she owns and operates, while also working as a business analyst for the healthcare industry. Though she had started a master’s program back in the 1970s, other responsibilities kept her from finishing it, which nagged at her for decades. Now, she has one of the finest degrees — and the most current skill set — on her team! Beth’s story is another beautiful example of our students’ initiative and determination, and her achievements testify to the impact of Tech’s innovative approach to lifelong learning. Together with the rest of our new graduates, these scholars are confident, capable, and creative problem solvers. They have been empowered to lead and are ready to go out and make an impact on the world like only Yellow Jackets can. Please join me in celebrating the Class of 2022 and their exceptional achievements — their commitment to their education and research, to one another, and to the future. Congratulations! And Go Jackets! In Progress and Service, Brave, Bold, and Cold Check out the highlights from the Fall 2022 Commencement exercises at Bobby Dodd Stadium on Friday, Dec. 16, and Saturday, Dec. 17. Georgia Tech honored 1,690 summer graduates and 3,930 fall graduates, conferring 1,500 bachelor’s degrees, 3,760 master’s degrees, and 360 doctorates across three ceremonies. Watch Watch Mission to the Moon Lunar Flashlight, a small spacecraft assembled and tested at Georgia Tech, launched aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket on Dec. 11 and headed for the moon. Once it arrives in the spring, it will use lasers to search for surface water ice in lunar craters that are never warmed by light from the sun. A team of aerospace students is running the months-long mission— around the clock, from launch to completion — from a small lab near Tech Tower. Read More Read More Three Faculty Named National Academy of Inventors Fellows Professors Adegboyega Oyelere, Madhavan Swaminathan, and Zhong Lin Wang have been named 2022 Fellows of the National Academy of Inventors, the highest professional distinction for academic inventors. Read More Read More Early Action 1 Admission Decisions Delivered More than 6,400 Georgia students who applied to Georgia Tech in Early Action 1 received their admission decisions on Friday, Dec. 9. A total of 2,577 Georgia students were admitted, for an overall admit rate of 40%. Admitted students hail from 107 counties and 369 high schools around the state. Of the Early Action 1 admit pool, 13% come from rural areas of Georgia; 12% are first-generation college students; and 25% identify as Black, Hispanic, or multiracial. Read More Read More Brent Key Named Football Head Coach Brent Key, a Georgia Tech alumnus and football letterwinner, was named the 21st head coach in Tech football history on Nov. 29. Key takes the reins of the program after leading the Yellow Jackets to a 4-4 record over the final eight games of the 2022 season as interim head coach. Read More Read More Georgia Tech Remains Among Top 20 Universities in Research Spending For the second consecutive year, Georgia Tech ranks among the nation's top 20 universities in research and development spending, according to the annual Higher Education Research and Development Survey conducted by the National Science Foundation. The ranking is especially significant because Tech is the only institution among the top 20 without a medical school. Read More Read More Conversations With Cabrera: Sherry Boschert In the latest installment of his unscripted video series, President Cabrera talks with journalist and activist Sherry Boschert about her latest book, 37 Words: Title IX and Fifty Years of Fighting Sex Discrimination. Filmed before a live audience at Price Gilbert Memorial Library, their conversation addressed the origins of Title IX, battles over its implementation, and how history can inform present-day conversations about gender equity in higher education and athletics. Watch Watch Georgia Tech Office of the President Institute Communications, 177 North Ave. NW Atlanta, GA, 30313, United States Unsubscribe