Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation News Center Main navigation Calendar Categories Business and Economic Development Campus and Community Earth and Environment Health and Medicine Science and Technology Society and Culture Media Contacts Experts Guide Featured expert Find an expert Daily Digest Whistle Whistle Whistle archives Whistle classifieds Social Media Subscribe Features Features Features Archive Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home January 17, 2023 Current issue Georgia Tech Launches Climate Action Planning Process What's on the Horizon for 2023? Input Sought for Georgia Tech’s Next Quality Enhancement Plan Topic Cold Snap Takes Toll on Plants Memorial Endowment Honors Billiee Pendleton-Parker Guidance on Removing Select Social Messaging Apps From State-Owned Devices About The Whistle The Whistle is Georgia Tech's biweekly faculty/staff print news publication. It is printed and delivered to campus every other Monday throughout the year, with the exception of a hiatus during the second half of December. The Whistle is designed to enhance the experience of working at Georgia Tech by sharing information employees can use to perform their jobs better and connect to the greater Georgia Tech community. Types of content include: Institute-wide news and updates Campus life stories Employee awards and recognition Employee profiles Calendar of events Upcoming issues Jan. 30 Feb. 13 Feb. 27 March 13 March 27 April 10 April 24 May 8 May 22 June 5 June 20 July 3 July 17 July 31 Aug. 14 Aug. 28 Sept. 11 Sept. 25 Oct. 9 Oct. 23 Nov. 6 Nov. 20 Dec. 4 Contact us Editorial submissions should be sent to editor@comm.gatech.edu a minimum of 10 working days prior to desired publication. Georgia Tech Institute Communications Wardlaw Center 177 North Avenue, N.W. Atlanta, Georgia 30332-0181 Editor: Kristen Bailey kristen.bailey@comm.gatech.edu Georgia Tech is a unit of the University System of Georgia. Announcement Covid-19 Update As of April 10, 2020, printing of The Whistle has been suspended until further notice. The Whistle will continue to publish online. View the latest campus updates in response to Covid-19. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education