Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Current Students Current Students Our students come to Georgia Tech from across the US and around the world. They have varied academic experiences and professional interests that create a web of social connection that helps support a strong community of current students and alumni. From late nights in the studio, to presentations at City Hall, to tours across the Great Wall, our students are able to experience both an exciting and academically challenging program at Tech. Plan a Visit Graduate Advising The Atlanta Laboratory Atlanta is among the most diverse and rapidly growing metropolitan areas in the country. It affords our students direct access to a vibrant laboratory for urban planning and a rich menu of academic opportunities. Atlanta is an unparalleled laboratory, illustrating both the best and the worst of late twentieth-century urban development. The region is known for pioneering social justice, getting ahead of economic development, and pulling together for common purpose. It also “leads” in traffic congestion, and public service privatization, and has long-term water supply concerns. We take advantage of our dynamic metropolitan setting by going out into the field and working in it. Students have the opportunity to learn from planning practitioners. Our access to a wide range of federal, state, local, and private sector planning organizations makes it easy for them to employ our students. Student Planning Association The Student Planning Association (SPA) is a professional organization made up of our graduate students. The School administration works closely with the elected SPA officials to ensure that students are represented in major conversations such as our recent strategic planning process and PAB reaccreditation process. SPA plans a number of academic, professional development, and social activities every semester. Members can choose various committees—Social Justice, Professional Development, Social, Environment and Health, and Fundraising—or simply to take advantage of the augmentation to student life that SPA provides. SPA is formally affiliated with the Georgia Planning Association and the American Planning Association. Learn more about SPA Georgia Tech Lingo Explained See a lot of alphabet soup? Find out what it means. Georgia Tech Student Housing Interested in living on campus? Find out what your options are. Graduate Student Organizations Grad students can be involved on campus, too. Find out how. Nearby Hiking Trails Part of Atlanta’s charm is how easy it is to get out of Atlanta. Georgia Tech Athletics Watch sports? Play sports? There’s something for everyone. Health & Wellness at Tech Graduate school can be stressful. Learn how to stay healthy and happy. Study Here, Live Here Life at our School is not just about academics. Georgia Tech's campus is situated in the heart of midtown Atlanta, a vibrant, bustling area that provides a wealth of social activities, an ever-expanding food scene, year-round festivals, and a rich music experience. Venture just a few steps off campus and you find yourself in a hotbed of historical sights, a hub of innovation, and the verve of the 9th largest metropolitan area in the country. Networking with Atlanta’s Best Living and learning in the Atlanta laboratory means you have access to our extensive alumni network and various professional organizations. All students are encouraged to join the Georgia chapter of the American Planning Assocation (APA). Student memberships are free and open a number of doors for you in the planning world. GIS-specific professional organizations in Atlanta that welcome students at their meetings and events include Georgia URISA and the Atlanta Region Geospatial Community. Both SPA and the School engage professionals from these organizations to help students develop professionally and to strengthen our academic connection to practice. Learn more about GPA Student Impact Our students, faculty, and alumni’s contributions impacted Atlanta's evolution throughout the years, and now current area residents and visitors can take advantage of the fruits of their labor. The Atlanta BeltLine Originally a concept of one of our graduate students, the 22 mile-loop is now becoming a multi-use trail. Atlantic Station Formerly the old Atlantic Steel Mill, now a number of shops, offices, restaurants, and a movie theater. Freedom Park Freedom Park connects seven neighborhoods and is the largest linear passive park in the City of Atlanta. Ponce City Market Housed in the newly-renovated Sears, Roebuck & Company building, PCM links directly to the BeltLine. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in