Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academic Labs & Affiliated Research Centers Academic Labs & Affiliated Research Centers The School of City and Regional Planning is dedicated to crafting communities that are sustainable, just, resilient, healthy, and inclusive through world-class education and cutting-edge research. Our faculty lead several labs and research centers, and provide students outstanding opportunities for in-depth research as they pursue their graduate studies. Academic Labs The School of City and Regional Planning has six faculty-led research labs spanning topics of economic development, population health and wellbeing, urban design, climate change, housing issues, and social networks in geographic space. Planning Local Economic Development Lab The PLED researches tools and strategies to help communities achieve sustainable economic development. Eco Urban Lab The Eco Urban Lab focuses on the design, simulation, and performance assessment of resilient urban systems. Urban Climate Lab The Urban Climate Lab explores the connections between climate change and the built environment. Planning + Property Lab The Planning + Property Lab investigate the rise of large corporate landlords and linkages to prevalent housing issues. Friendly Cities Lab The Friendly Cities Lab explore interpersonal relationships and social networks in geographic space. Affiliated Research Centers The College of Design is home to six research centers. Our faculty direct two of them: the Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development (CQGRD), and the Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization (CSPAV). Our master’s students work in these centers as GRAs, and our Ph.D. students complete a significant amount of their research working in them. Research scientists in the centers teach a handful of our classes, which allows for a strong research foundation. The Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization is an interdisciplinary research center focused on addressing urban and regional problems by analyzing spatial data. The center’s research includes developing applications for computational data mining, spatial mapping through web services, geo-visualization, artificial intelligence based on machine and deep learning, and spatial representations with augmented and virtual reality. CSPAV serves as a leader and catalyst for the advancement of GIS technology for academic institutions, private industry, and the public sector. The Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development is an applied research center that aims to foster quality growth and development in communities through extensive public outreach efforts. Its work is in five program areas: air quality & the natural environment community design & architecture healthy places land development & regional governance, and transportation & infrastructure. College of Design Research Centers and Labs Other Research Centers & Labs Our faculty and students are collaborators in many other research centers on the Georgia Tech campus, including: Atlanta Census Research Data Center provides the research community in Atlanta, and around the Southeast, with the opportunity to access confidential Census microdata. Brook Byers Institute for Sustainable Systems enhances Georgia Tech’s research, education, and service missions, and campus operations through leadership, communications, development, and decision making inspired and defined by the principles of sustainability. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's Healthy Community Design Initiative works to improve public health by linking public health surveillance with community design decisions; improving community design decisions through tools such as Health Impact Assessments; educating decision makers on the health impact of community design; building partnerships with community design decision makers and their influencers; conducting research to identify the links between health and community design; and translating research into best practices. Enterprise Innovation Institute seeks to help communities participate in the ongoing economic revolution through research and assessments, coaching, facilitation, and implementation assistance. Expertise includes organizational development to strategic planning and economic development program design; business recruitment, expansion, and retention, and industrial development and economic diversification; entrepreneur and workforce development and the provision of human services; public policy development to land use planning and environmental stewardship; marketing research to messaging formation; and the utilization of technologies and fostering emerging technology industries. Office of Policy Analysis and Research focuses on science and technology policy, with a mission to stimulate dialogue between technologists and policymakers in order to shape public policy regarding science and technology through active engagement with Georgia's policymaking constituencies. Strategic Energy Institute was established to serve as a conduit for integrating, facilitating, and enabling Institute-wide programs in energy research and development. Engaging the best and brightest from industry, government, and academia, SEI will create innovative solutions to current and future energy challenges. SEI develops technologies, policies, and educational programs that have the potential for offering high-impact solutions to pressing near-term energy issues. SEI engages in fundamental energy-related research that will have a long-term, transformative effect on our nation's energy future. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in