Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Financial Aid Financial Aid Our School provides a wide range of financial aid programs to attempt to lower education costs for our students. Merit-based financial aid is given primarily through fellowships and graduate research or teaching assistantships. These are awarded competitively based on applicant and returning student credentials. All MCRP, MS-GIST, and Ph.D. applicants who submit applications by the announced priority deadlines are automatically considered for merit-based financial aid. Need-based financial aid is awarded through the Georgia Tech Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid (OSFA). A separate financial aid application is required. The application process operates on a separate schedule. GT Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid Fellowships Our School awards fellowships that range from modest awards to significant support including a monthly stipend and tuition waiver. These programs are often funded by alumni or are made in honor or memory of important city planners who studied here or worked with the School. They may involve work responsibilities in a lab or studio, or they may be made without work expectation. Frederick K. Bell Fellowships support MCRP students in memory of the Atlanta and South Carolina planner. Glatting, Jackson, Kercher, Anglin, Lopez Fellowships support MCRP students working in areas of land development, transportation, and urban design. Thera Richter Fellowships support female MCRP students in memory of Tech’s first female master’s degree holder. Thomas D. Galloway Fellowships are supported by an endowment created in the name of City Planning Scholar and College of Design Dean Thomas D. Galloway. Recipients work part-time under faculty direction, receive a stipend, and waive the majority of their tuition. Presidential Fellowships provide a high level of multi-year support to truly outstanding doctoral students. These are competitively awarded across the Georgia Tech campus. GTAs and GRAs Graduate Teaching Assistantships (GTAs) and Graduate Research Assistantships (GRAs) engage planning graduate students in part-time teaching or research duties under faculty direction. Both pay a stipend and waive all but a limited portion of tuition. Other areas on campus, including the research centers, hire GRAs and GTAs on a semester basis. It is possible to work as a GRA or GTA without receiving an assistantship with your admissions offer, though it is not a guarantee. Cooperative Work-Study (Co-Op) Employers enter into cooperative agreements with Georgia Tech to provide on-the-job training. Students work part-time in agencies and firms in the Atlanta metro region while also studying for their MCRP, MS-GIST or Ph.D. degree. Students work 15 hours per week while taking 12 hours of class work and receive a stipend as well as tuition assistance. Out of state students receive a waiver of out-of-state tuition. Arranging a co-op is the responsibility of the student pursuing one. It is an excellent option for funding your education while obtaining practical experience. Academic Common Market Residents of 15 southern US states other than Georgia are potentially eligible for in-state tuition for study toward city planning graduate degrees at Georgia Tech. States currently approving the MCRP or City Planning Ph.D. for out-of-state tuition waiver can be found on the Academic Common Market website. Visit the Academic Common Market Georgia Tech Financial Aid Students may also be eligible for loans, grants, scholarships, or other aid. Visit the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid for information on financial support. Aid opportunities include: Out-of-state tuition waivers (allowing non-Georgia residents to pay resident tuition fees) are awarded on a competitive basis to selected students in their second year of study. Minority students and women are eligible to participate in the Regents’ Opportunity Scholarship Program. These are renewable awards for residents of Georgia for two semesters of study. Several graduate level general fellowships are available, including President’s Fellowships, President’s Minority Fellowships, and Goizueta Fellowships. Graduate Students Fellowship Opportunities Outside Funding Opportunities There are a number of outside funding opportunities available to students on a competitive basis. Each week the School sends a newsletter that lists these opportunities as the School becomes aware of them. Selected Outside Funding Opportunities Center For Architecture Foundation Scholarships Donald M. Payne International Development Fellowship Program. Students from a wide range of countries are eligible to apply for support for study in U.S graduate programs in urban and regional planning. In most years one or more such students are supported for study in our School. EPA Science To Achieve Results (STAR) Fellowships for graduate environmental study. Fulbright-Nehru Master's Fellowships are designed for outstanding young Indians to pursue a master’s degree program at selected US colleges. Fulbright Visiting Scholar Program. Students from select countries are eligible to apply for support for study in U.S graduate programs in urban and regional planning. In most years one or more such students are supported for study in our School. Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation to support study by students who plan to pursue careers in the public sector. Judith McManus Price Scholarship (APA Scholarship Program) for women and minority planning students who intend to pursue careers as practicing planners. Kate Neal Kinley Memorial Scholarship for students with unusual promise in the fine arts. Knauss Marine Policy Fellowship for graduate students interested in national policies that affect marine and coastal areas. Latinos and Planning Division Scholarship (APA Scholarship Program) National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowships supports outstanding students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines who are pursuing research-based masters and doctoral degrees at accredited US institutions. Robert A Catlin/David W. Long Memorial Scholarship (APA Scholarship Program) Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in