Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Global Partnerships Global Partnerships Georgia Tech's School of City and Regional Planning aims to provide globally relevant programs that can have an impact on people and places both in the US and across the world. Our curriculum leverages many globally connected planning problems and acknowledges that the best planning innovations can come from diverse places around the world. Our School offers international studios, courses abroad, partnerships with international universities, and opportunities for education and partnership across the globe. Global Degrees International Studios The School of City and Regional Planning organizes at least one international planning studio each year. Puerto Rico Studio Since 2019, students from the School of City and Regional Planning at Georgia Tech have been visiting Puerto Rico, an underrepresented territory within the United States that is highly vulnerable to climate change. Through the Puerto Rico Planning Studio, these students have collaborated with a wide range of local partners, including Proyecto ENLACE del Caño Martín Peña in San Juan, the Puerto Rico Planning Board and the Municipal government of Cataño, and the community-based Impacto Juventud in the community of Rucio, near Ponce. Studio projects have addressed issues related to post-hurricane recovery, census participation, energy transition, organizational capacity-building and community-level data collection. The Studio is offered every Spring semester. Studio outputs from past Puerto Rico studios are listed below: Puerto Rico 2022: Augmenting the Impact of Community Organizations Puerto Rico 2020: Making Cataño Count Puerto Rico 2017: Disaster Mitigation and Recovery Studio Tokyo Smart City Studio The Tokyo Smart City Studio is an international collaboration between the Eco Urban Lab of Georgia Tech, the University of Tokyo, Keio University and the Global Carbon Project (GCP) since 2017. The Tokyo Smart City Studio explores how data-driven urban design and digital urban tools enable us to comprehend cities, urban space and architecture using data visualization, mapping, modeling, performance evaluation and new urban form making. Students from the MCRP program of the School of City and Regional Planning and MArch program of the School of Architecture at Georgia Tech work together in this studio. Their work created future visions and scenarios of redevelopment through creative design. The students conduct urban data analytics using big data and planning data of the city area. They use data visualization, 2D mapping to 3D modeling using tools in GIS and Rhino with a focus on ecological urban performance modeling and assessment for issues ranging from building energy, urban climate, and mobility. They coordinate a collaborative co-design process with our studio partners, University of Tokyo and Keio University, and jointly present final studio work to local stakeholders. The Studio is offered every Spring semester. Studio outputs from past Tokyo studios are listed below: Tokyo Studio 2020: High Speed Rail Station Area Development in Shinagawa District Tokyo Studio 2019: Urban Analytics in Kyojima District Past Studio(s): Varanasi Smart City Studio The ancient city of Varanasi, India is one of the oldest and continuously inhabited cities in the world dating back thousands of years. The city is described as a place of temples and learning and is considered a cradle of Hindu faith. The city is home to an array of temples, shrines, and palaces along the banks of the river Ganges. It is also a commercial and industrial center famous for its silk fabrics, perfumes, ivory works, wooden toys, sculpture, and other handmade crafts. The Government of India’s “Smart Cities Mission” has initiated a massive $14 billion urban renewal and retrofitting program to develop 100 cities across the country, making them citizen friendly and sustainable in collaboration with candidate cities. Varanasi is one among them. http://varanasistudio.design.gatech.edu/ Learn more about MCRP Studios Partnerships with Tongji University Tongji University & Georgia Tech Exchange Program The Tongji University - Georgia Tech Exchange Program prepares M.Arch and MCRP students for global practice by enabling them to earn an additional master's degree upon completing two semesters at the host institution. Georgia Tech MCRP students earn a Master of Urban Planning degree from Tongji University. In exchange, M.Arch and MUP students from Tongji University earn the Master of Science in Urban Design (MSUD) from Georgia Tech. Students participating in this program pay in-State tuition rates during the year of the exchange. Tongji University’s School of Architecture and Planning has been ranked as the top university in China. Eco Urban Lab The radical transformation of cities and prompting urban energy issues in China are creating unprecedented urban forms and functions that lead to unpredictable environmental consequences and impact on global climate change. Asian cities like Shanghai would provide enormous opportunities for developing cutting-edge research on sustainable urban design models. The Joint Laboratory of Ecological Urban Design takes cities in China and the U.S. as “urban laboratories” for nurturing novel design methods and new technologies for ecological urban systems. It focuses on design, simulation and performance assessment of low energy, renewable and resilient urban systems. The Eco Urban Lab is located at both the Georgia Tech College of Architecture and the College of Architecture and Urban Planning at Tongji University. It’s a real time and simultaneous operation for faculty and students from both Universities and collaborators from the world to conduct joint research, joint seminars, and joint studios. Global Degrees Eco Urban Lab Partnership with CEPT University The School of City and Regional Planning has entered into a partnership with the Center for Environmental Planning and Technology (CEPT) in Ahmedabad, India to build on previous successful studio experiences. CEPT University offers undergraduate and graduate programs that focus on understanding, designing, planning, constructing, and managing human habitats through traditional education and advocacy and advisory projects. CEPT website Partnership with Hanyang University Georgia Tech's School of City and Regional Planning and the Department of Urban Planning and Engineering at Hanyang University in Seoul, South Korea have partnered together with the intention to establish and to foster international cooperation in education and research. Hanyang University website Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in