Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan Open Search Search Search 2022 Institute Address I hope you all had a chance to rest and recharge this summer. Beth and I loved being able to travel again, reconnect with family and friends on both sides of the pond and spend time with many impressive Yellow Jackets along the way. At each stop, I was reminded of the impact Georgia Tech has around the world, and I thought I would share some of those moments with you. Watch the address and read the full remarks Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) 2021 Institute Address What this community did last year was simply remarkable. Though different, the situation was equally complex. And we not only went through it, we thrived and ended up delivering one of our most impactful years ever. I have no doubt we will do it again, together. Watch the address and read the full remarks Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) 2020 Institute Address This has been a truly extraordinary year. Over the past six months, we have navigated through one of the most difficult periods in our history. We have each faced unique challenges in our own personal lives. And, together, we have managed to keep Georgia Tech strong and delivering on its important mission. Watch the address and read the full remarks Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) 2019 Institute Address Thank you. It is such an honor to be back at Georgia Tech. Never in my wildest dreams could I imagine that one day I would be asked to return to Georgia Tech as president. Today standing here before you, it’s still hard to believe, but I’m thrilled to be back here in this community that has always been home to me, and I am so excited to begin working with all of you to write the next chapter in the history of this great institution. Watch the address and read the full remarks Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) President Cabrera's Investiture There are still many bridges that need to be crossed to make our society more just and prosperous, to bring about freedom, opportunity, and peace to people around the world, to help us all live healthier, safer, more enlightened lives. And much of that work can once again start here in Atlanta, in the classrooms, the labs, the innovation spaces at Georgia Tech. Watch the address Read the full remarks Blank Space (medium) (text and background only visible when logged in) Repository President Cabrera’s key speeches and select public appearances are made available here. These and other presidential documents, including archives from past Georgia Tech presidents, are housed in our institutional repository, SMARTech. President's Blog Guided by Ethics November 4, 2022 Our mission to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition relies on a set of core values, including — very importantly —… Dedicating the New John Lewis Student Center at Georgia Tech October 6, 2022 On Sept. 29, Georgia Tech students, faculty, and staff gathered with alumni, friends, and donors to dedicate the new John Lewis Student Center. The… See all blog posts Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education