Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation News Center Main navigation Calendar Categories Business and Economic Development Campus and Community Earth and Environment Health and Medicine Science and Technology Society and Culture Media Contacts Experts Guide Featured expert Find an expert Daily Digest Whistle Whistle Whistle archives Whistle classifieds Social Media Subscribe Features Features Features Archive Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Institute Communications News Buzz Georgia Tech in the media, as well as national issues in higher education. Sent Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. To subscribe, click the button below to send an email with the subject, "Subscribe News Buzz." Subscribe Office of the President Monthly institutional highlights from President Ángel Cabrera. Subscribe Academic and Research Updates News, resources, and services available to those engaged in the academic and research enterprise. Sent weekly. Subscribe Georgia Tech LGBTQIA Programs and events throughout the year aimed at educating faculty, students, and staff about LGBTQIA issues. Subscribe Research Bulletin Bi-weekly publication including research funding opportunities and resource updates. Subscribe Daily Digest The news, events, and people of Georgia Tech, sent every weekday. Subscribe Research Horizons Articles from the magazine, as well as the latest news about Georgia Tech's research enterprise, sent monthly. Subscribe Office of the Provost Monthly updates on furthering the academic mission of Georgia Tech. Subscribe Administration & Finance Updates on business and facility operations at Georgia Tech, sent bimonthly. Subscribe Community Buzz Campus engagement with surrounding communities and schools, plus volunteering opportunities, once per semester. Subscribe Capitol Buzz Updates on Georgia Tech and the USG at the state capitol, sent bi-weekly when the Georgia General Assembly is in session. Subscribe D.C. Buzz Weekly news briefs about Georgia Tech’s presence in D.C., a legislative update, and opportunities for federal funding. Subscribe Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Insider Monthly news and events originating from the Office of Institute Diversity. Subscribe Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion Sharing upcoming events, campus news, and success stories. Sent bi-weekly. Subscribe Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education