Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation News Center Main navigation Calendar Categories Business and Economic Development Campus and Community Earth and Environment Health and Medicine Science and Technology Society and Culture Media Contacts Experts Guide Featured expert Find an expert Daily Digest Whistle Whistle Whistle archives Whistle classifieds Social Media Subscribe Features Features Features Archive Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home The Nobel Whisperer: M.G. Finn on Click Chemistry and Collaboration January 25, 2023 Atlanta, GA A story of human connection at the heart of Nobel-winning science Campus Police Emphasize Education, Enforcement of Micro-Mobility Vehicles January 25, 2023 Atlanta, GA The department’s plan addresses the increase in the number of motor vehicles, micro-mobility vehicles, and pedestrians traversing through and around the Georgia Tech campus, with a goal of reducing the number and severity of accidents. School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences to Offer Three New Undergraduate Degrees — Including Interdisciplinary Environmental Science Major January 23, 2023 Atlanta, GA The expanded undergraduate degree offerings are designed to continue Georgia Tech’s reputation for academic rigor — and also reflect trends in student interests, as well as current and forecasted needs in the job marketplace. O'Keefe Gym Roof Replacement Project January 24 - April 30 January 23, 2023 Atlanta, GA The O'Keefe gym will receive a new roof this semester. Scheller College Dean Alavi to Step Down June 30 January 17, 2023 Atlanta, GA Alavi will continue as a member of the faculty and will be appointed to the Elizabeth D. and Thomas M. Holder Chair in the College. What's on the Horizon for 2023? January 13, 2023 Atlanta, GA Members of the Tech community share their plans for the new year. Tech Alumni to Appear on ‘Shark Tank’ January 12, 2023 Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech alumni Braxton Davis and Ecleamus Ricks pitch their patented technology, Metric Mate, on ABC's Shark Tank. Georgia Tech Launches Climate Action Planning Process January 10, 2023 Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech strives to be a leader in climate action across the Institute’s operational, educational, research, and economic development missions. Ayers Named Assistant Vice President for Research Communications January 10, 2023 Atlanta, GA Ayers assumed the new role in Institute Communications on Jan. 1. Yellow Jackets Featured in ‘Georgia Trend’ List of Influential Georgians January 10, 2023 Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech alumni are being recognized for work in their communities in Georgia Trend’s Most Influential Georgians for 2023. Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 … Next page Next › Last page Last » Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education