Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Admissions Admissions Successful applicants are expected to have a strong academic background, excellent writing skills, and the ability to communicate effectively. We look for students whose varied backgrounds, experiences, and education reflect the richness of contemporary society. To be considered for admission, submit a completed application with all required material by the program deadline. If you are interested in receiving merit-based aid, please make sure to submit your materials by the priority deadlines listed in the Admissions Checklist. Admitted students begin their studies in the fall, as we normally do not accept applications for spring or summer semester admissions. Student Life Admissions Checklist Join Our Prospective Student Email List Interested in learning more about the School of City & Regional Planning? Want to hear about our upcoming information sessions? Do you need a reminder to start on your application as deadlines approach? Sign up here to join our mailing list for interested students! Join our email list! Academics Learn more about our academic programs and requirements. Admissions Checklist Familiarize yourself with our application process and admissions requirements. Apply Now Ready to go? Get comfortable and complete your application today! Financial Aid Take a look at the opportunities available to Georgia Tech and SCaRP students. Student Life Learn about why studying at Georgia Tech is more than just getting a degree. Plan a Visit Like what you see online? Come visit us and see the School for yourself. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in