Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation News Center Main navigation Calendar Categories Business and Economic Development Campus and Community Earth and Environment Health and Medicine Science and Technology Society and Culture Media Contacts Experts Guide Featured expert Find an expert Daily Digest Whistle Whistle Whistle archives Whistle classifieds Social Media Subscribe Features Features Features Archive Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Catherine Ross Harry West Professor of City and Regional Planning, College of Design Catherine Ross The Early Days: “I was still a Ph.D. student when I arrived in 1976, and I was a student for three more years while completing my doctorate at Cornell. I remember walking into a classroom and being treated with a lot of disdain, suspicion, and dismissal. As a young professor, you’re very easily intimidated. I hadn’t done this job before. After a while you bristle up a bit because you have to defend who you are. And out of that comes a high consciousness. You step up and say, ‘I’m Dr. Catherine Ross, and this is my class.’ But that takes a while, and there’s some bruising along the way.” Significant Cultural Changes: “For a while I served as the vice provost for Academic Affairs, working with promotion and tenure. It gave me a global view of the Institute, how it operates, and how things are connected. One big change was the effect of the passing of Title IX and the message it sent regarding women and equity in sports and other areas. Title IX changed how the campus thought about the roles women could play. Another major impetus occurred when the National Science Foundation made a commitment to growing the number of women in STEM fields. I served as an ADVANCE professor for seven years, working with other women to promote women in STEM and to move the gender equity issue forward.” Parting Thoughts: “Tech is the kind of place where you can grow every day. It is filled with opportunity, and it presented me with an opportunity to work for the governor of Georgia on major transportation projects such as establishing the program for the Georgia Regional Transportation Authority. I’ve always been interested in the interplay between the public and the private sectors, and I think that helps our students get a great education. All of them are not going to leave and work exclusively in the public sector, nor the private sector. So, it’s important to figure out how to blend that relationship and help them to grow into the opportunities in front of them.” Catherine Ross in 1987 Celebrating 70 years of Women at Tech Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education