Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan Open Search Search Search August 2022 Last week, I had the pleasure of taking the podium at Bobby Dodd Stadium to welcome another record-breaking class to Georgia Tech. After receiving more than 50,000 applications for first-year admission — a record for the Institute as well as the state — we welcomed our largest overall enrollment in history this fall with more than 46,000 students. Our incoming class set another high watermark with nearly 3,700 first-years and nearly 1,400 transfers from other universities. July 2022 The true measure of Georgia Tech’s success is the value it creates for others. Rankings are nice — don’t get me wrong. I take pride in seeing many of our programs recognized among the best of their kind. And the publicity helps us attract the best students and secure the resources we need to serve them. Ultimately, though, our success is defined not by what some media outlet says about us, but rather by what we do for our students, our community, and the world. June 2022 This past weekend, Beth and I flew back from a long-overdue visit to Georgia Tech-Lorraine, our campus in the historic city of Metz, France. Established in 1990, Georgia Tech-Lorraine is an integral part of the Institute’s mission and work. With a reputation for stimulating technological advances and economic development, the campus boasts more than 20 partnerships with some of the finest schools, research centers, and industry hubs in Europe. May 2022 Earlier this month, we celebrated more than 4,500 new bachelor’s, master’s, and doctoral graduates with four inspiring Commencement ceremonies at Bobby Dodd Stadium. It was the perfect way to finish one record-setting year — and hopefully begin another. April 2022 Americans are understandably concerned about the rising costs of attending college, which have significantly outpaced inflation over the past three decades. Despite these national trends, I am delighted that Georgia Tech not only has been able to keep tuition and fees flat over the past three years but also, thanks to major state investments, will significantly reduce fees this coming year. Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Next page Next › Last page Last » Ángel Cabrera Download photo (jpg 641kb) Candid Conversations with Cabrera Sherry Boschert Journalist and activist Sherry Boschert discusses her latest book, 37 Words: Title IX and Fifty Years of Fighting Sex Discrimination,… Ellen Bassett The dean of the College of Design discusses the versatility and value of urban planning, its impact on the built environment, and why design… See all candid conversations View Previous Conversations Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education