Skip to content All Society & Culture Campus & Community Earth & Environment Health & Medicine Science & Technology Business & Economic Development The Month in Photos: November 2020 Voting at McCamish, Materials Research, and Strategic Plan Read More Swarm at the Polls Two students who had never voted for president are leading voting efforts at Georgia Tech that influenced thousands of people in Atlanta and... Read More The Month in Photos: October 2020 Surveillance Testing, Homecoming, and Halloween Read More Making Bold Moves Georgia Tech graduate Archel Bernard brings her Liberian clothing line, Bombchel, to Ponce City Market. Read More Broad-Based Asymptomatic Testing Program Helps Control Covid-19 An ambitious campuswide testing program aimed at identifying asymptomatic Covid-19 community members has helped limit daily case counts to s... Read More The Month in Photos: September 2020 Redesigned Face Mask, Institute Address, and Staff Appreciation Read More Conversations with Cabrera: Charles Isbell President Cabrera sits down with Charles Isbell, dean and John P. Imlay Jr. Chair in the College of Computing. Read More Thank You for Your Decade of Dedication Read More A Future Filled with Promise — Jordan Pope Tech Promise Scholar Jordan Pope Read More Ladies and Gentlemen of the Academies A remarkable seven Georgia Tech scholars were elected this spring to the nation’s top science and engineering organizations Read More Another Promise Kept - Nicole Schuster Tech Promise honoree Nicole Shuster... Read More Another Promise Kept - Marquetta and Marteisha Griffin Tech Promise honorees Marquetta and Marteisha Griffin... Read More The Month in Photos: March 2020 Guthman Competition, STAR Particles Research, and InVenture Prize Read More Women Who Lead At Tech, we celebrate the women who are making a difference in research and inspiring future generations to make their own history. Read More InVenture Prize 2020 This is the 12th year for Georgia Tech’s annual innovation contest, in which student inventors compete head-to-head in a fast-paced pitch co... Read More The Month in Photos: February 2020 Ivan Allen Prize, Black History Lecture, and Space Force Read More Conversations With Cabrera: Dean Susan Lozier President Cabrera chats with Susan Lozier, the new dean of the College of Sciences. Read More Impact: Celebrating Black History Month Each February, as part of Black History Month, leaders and innovators in the black community are remembered and celebrated. Read More Lights, Camera, Classroom With the 2020 Oscars only a couple days away, Georgia Tech Professional Education shares some backstage perspective on just how much moviema... Read More The Month in Photos: December 2019 Atlanta BeltLine, Strategic Plan, and Commencement Read More The Inventure Effect Last year’s InVenture Prize finalists are working around the clock to make their innovative vision a reality. Read More Looking Back at 2019 With a number of firsts, records, honors, and new beginnings, it was another eventful year for Georgia Tech! Read More The Man With a Plan Twenty years ago this month, Ryan Gravel submitted a master’s thesis that would transform Atlanta. Read More Star Power Across Tech, women are investigating the great unknowns of space. Read More The Month in Photos: November 2019 Homecoming, Ethletics Day, and Fall Foliage Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Campus Recycling When you put your recycling into a campus container, where does it go? Read More Sharing Lessons Learned on The Kendeda Building The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design is complete with plans to welcome students in January 2020. Read More Hoots and Hollers Intricately carved jack-o'-lanterns, a costumed run through campus, and dropping flash-frozen pumpkins off a building. We celebrate fal... Read More Homecoming for Missing Plaque A plaque missing from Georgia Tech's Grant Field, possibly for 40 years, is returned to the Institute. Read More The Investiture of President Ángel Cabrera The title of president has been formally conferred upon Ángel Cabrera. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Biological Sciences Prep Lab Collections of vintage equipment, like the one in the Biology Prep Lab located in the Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons, are increasingl... Read More Presidential Investiture: An Institute Milestone What will next week's pomp and circumstance mean? We look back at past ceremonies and what to expect for the upcoming event. Read More Prepare Lawn for Winter, Plant Bulbs for Spring Tech Lawn and Garden taps into the knowledge of the lawn and garden experts in Facilities Management. Read More The Month in Photos: September 2019 Trailblazers, Institute Address, and Football. Read More Ale of an Engineer From brewing to quality control, marketing to logistics, Georgia Tech graduates are making their mark on the ever-expanding brewing industry... Read More Three Brothers. Three Valedictorians. Three Yellow Jackets. Adam, Rommi, and Zane Kashlan all finished high school with the exact same grade point average – 4.72. That just also happened to place them... Read More President Cabrera’s First Week It’s been a week and a half since Ángel Cabrera took the helm as the 12th president of Georgia Tech. Read More A New Chapter Ángel Cabrera begins his tenure as Georgia Tech’s 12th president, and we’re going behind the scenes of his first day on the job. Read More The Month in Photos: August 2019 Football Fan Day, Burdell's Brunch, and Convocation Read More An Age of Empowerment: Bonnie Taylor Bonnie Taylor is associate dean of students and director of the Office of Student Integrity in the Division of Student Life. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Surplus Property When a Georgia Tech department purchases new furniture or office equipment, what happens to the furniture and equipment that’s no longer nee... Read More This Month in Photos: July 2019 Happiness classes, a new Police Department building, and tiny robots. Read More The Peterson Legacy Through a decade of tremendous change, G.P “Bud” Peterson led Georgia Tech with a steady hand, a full heart — and an eye toward the future. Read More Designing for Curiosity The School of Industrial Design at Georgia Tech and the Children’s Museum of Atlanta collaborate to bring 6 interactive exhibits for youth t... Read More An Age of Empowerment: Diley (Dyla) Hernandez Cuba native Diley Hernandez was in high school when she became fascinated by psychology and decided she wanted to pursue it as a field of st... Read More This Month in Photos: June 2019 Ethics Roundtable, Summer Camp, Tech's New President Read More Girl Power Georgia Tech’s TEC Camp is introducing the next generation to the magic of engineering and science for girls ages 10-13. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Tiffany Johnson Tiffany D. Johnson studies bridges, but not the kind that carry trucks and cars. She studies how to connect people. Read More This Month in Photos: May 2019 Commencement, NCAA Baseball Regional, and Coda's grand opening. Read More Coda Opening Celebrates Innovation, Industry Collaboration On May 23, the Georgia Institute of Technology marked the grand opening of Coda, the flagship building for the Institute’s Technology Square... Read More An Age of Empowerment: Pamela Bhatti Pamela Bhatti moves with ease between medicine and engineering, but her research is not the type that springs to mind when you hear "el... Read More This Month in Photos: April 2019 Game of Thrones, Pops with the President, and the Spring Football Game. Read More From Ballet to Business Analytics: Heather Arentson Is On Pointe This former ballerina is graduating this spring from Tech’s Online Master of Science in Analytics program. Read More First Cohort of Students Completes Excel Program The first cohort is graduating from Excel, a postsecondary education program for students with intellectual and developmental disabilities. Read More Pops with the President Around 2,000 members of the campus community gathered at the Kessler Campanile this week to visit with President G.P. "Bud" Peters... Read More Catalyst: HackGT's 12-hour learn-a-thon for Georgia high school students Catalyst is HackGT's learn-a-thon to engage high school students from underserved areas of Georgia. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Neha Kumar Kumar looks at mobile technologies and how they are designed for and adopted in underserved communities around the world. Read More McDowell Honored with Class of 1934 Distinguished Professor Award David McDowell receives Georgia Tech’s highest award given to a faculty member: the Class of 1934 Distinguished Professor Award. Read More Tiny Kingdoms Tiny Kingdoms is an online multiplayer real-time strategy game created by two Georgia Tech students. Read More Elena Shinohara: Feeling the Rhythm Elena Shinohara is one of the few collegiate rhythmic gymnasts in the country. Read More 2019 National Robotics Week Roundup In honor of National Robotics Week, we've rounded up the top robotics news from 2019. Read More A Science of Ice and Fire How Georgia Tech faculty and students draw inspiration from a pop culture phenomenon. Read More This Month in Photos: March 2019 Guthman Competition, InVenture Prize, and Spring Arrival. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Aileen Morales There’s no place like home for this former Yellow Jacket softball standout who's now the head coach. Read More InVenture Prize 2019 This is the 11th year for Georgia Tech’s annual innovation contest, in which student inventors compete head-to-head in a fast-paced pitch co... Read More Stamps President's Scholars Tech Trek In the summer immediately prior to their start of classes in the fall, incoming first-year Georgia Tech students have the opportunity to pre... Read More This Month in Photos: February 2019 Crosland Tower, Tech at the State Capitol, and Technique Awards. Read More Remembering Big Al A group of students pays tribute to a fallen campus tree with 'Fall of a Champion,' an exhibit now on display in Clough Commons. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Joycelyn Wilson Joycelyn Wilson didn’t just grow up around music, she grew up around the lyrics. She wanted to know what artists were singing and why. Read More This Month in Photos January 2019 Early Action, NASA Astronaut Mae Jemison, and the Periodic Table. Read More A Historic Moment: Governor’s Inauguration at McCamish For more than a century — stretching all the way back to Teddy Roosevelt’s 1905 campus visit — major political figures have made appearances... Read More You Should Come to Georgia Tech If you've been accepted to Tech, there are infinite reasons to commit to coming here as the next step in your academic adventures. Hear... Read More This Month in Photos: December 2018 Tech the Halls, Midnight Breakfast, and Commencement. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Casey Aultman Tech alumna and Savannah native Casey Aultman has spent the past five years in the Office of Government and Community Relations at Georgia T... Read More Their Own Path Two students. Two very different journeys to Georgia Tech. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Hang Lu Even before Hang Lu found her career focus, she knew she wanted to do something different. Read More 2018 Year in Review This year, the Georgia Tech community saw its share of triumphs and challenges. Here are some of the notable people, stories, and moments fr... Read More Rising to a Challenge: Ignacio Montoya Ignacio Montoya is determined to get spinal cord injury patients out of wheelchairs, including himself. Read More From Dropout to Summa Cum Laude: Andrew Kell Makes the Grade After a five-year hiatus, Andrew Kell went through the process of readmission and academic renewal to come back to Tech at age 24. Read More This Month in Photos: November 2018 Ethics events, a Faculty and Staff Art Exhibit, and going inside the Student Competition Center. Read More Sam at the Summit Sam Chaneles grew up in Miami where the seas level is less than seven feet. Now, this mechanical engineering student is uncovering a whole n... Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Student Competition Center This 17,000-square-foot space is where hundreds of students design, build, and compete using a variety of vehicles or robotic or autonomous... Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Nisha Botchwey Nisha Botchwey creates a world where the healthy choice is the easy choice. Read More Coming Home Through an innovative employment training program, Tech is helping veterans make a meaningful transition to civilian life in Georgia. Read More Finding Fencing: Rachel Wakefield Traveling 700 miles and through five states to come to Georgia Tech from a small town in Maryland, Rachel Wakefield struggled in her first f... Read More Rolling Recovery: Students Bring Mobile Coffee Cart to Campus Free coffee is arriving on three wheels courtesy of Georgia Tech’s Collegiate Recovery Program. Read More Meet the New Leader of Research at Georgia Tech Chaouki Abdallah is a proud Yellow Jacket alumnus, parent of two Georgia Tech students and the newest member of the Institute’s executive le... Read More Physics Pumpkin Smash The fate of around a dozen pumpkins was to be smashed outside the Howey Physics Building in the late afternoon hours on Halloween. Read More This Month in Photos: October 2018 Study Abroad, Homecoming, and Smashing Pumpkins. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Interior Design Shop See where a three-person interior design team creates functional and beautiful spaces including classrooms, lounges, meeting spaces, and off... Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Mary Tipton Woolley Mary Tipton Woolley is senior associate director for Undergraduate Admission. Read More Whistle While You Work Georgia Tech’s steam whistle cannot be ignored — so how does the piercing sound affect your day? Read More Steve Salbu Talks Ethics A Georgia Tech expert talks about workplace ethics and coming back from crisis. Read More Tech and the Tales of Its Time-Tested Traditions Homecoming simply wouldn't be the same if it weren't for the rich Tech traditions that have been the frosting on the cake for more... Read More Nobel-Minded Georgia Tech faculty shed light on the science behind this year's Nobel Prize winners in physics, chemistry, and physiology or medicine... Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Fleet Services The Office of Fleet Services is responsible for the maintenance of nearly 850 Georgia Tech vehicles Read More This Month in Photos: September 2018 Ivan Allen Prize, Robotics Roundtable, and Retirement Dinner. Read More Everyday Georgia Project Every day, lives around Georgia are changed because of research and technology from Georgia Tech — but we don’t always hear their stories. Read More An Age of Empowerment: Meet Jennifer Leavey Leavey is the integrated science curriculum coordinator for the College of Sciences and directs the Georgia Tech Urban Honey Bee Project Read More Blue Sky Thinking Could your future include receiving books via drone? Maybe. Read More An Age of Empowerment: 12 Stories of Women at Georgia Tech This academic year, we'll talk with a dozen women from the faculty and staff who are making advances in their areas of expertise Read More Getting to Know Carla Bradley New Counseling Director Talks Data, STEM Students, and Technology Read More This Month in Photos: August 2018 RAT caps, Graduate Student Welcome, and Institute Address. Read More Out of This World "Out of This World" Science fiction is about more than entertainment. Just ask one of these Georgia Tech professors. Read More First Day of Classes Fall 2018 The fall semester is officially underway, and life has come back to campus. Read More Not Your Grandfather's Graduate Degree Georgia Tech's OMS programs are transforming online graduate education and changing lives - from computer science to analytics to cyber... Read More This Month in Photos: July 2018 Research, studying, and landscaping. Read More A Plan of Global Proportions More Georgia Tech students are spending more time abroad as they pursue the International Plan, a degree designation earned by a record 42 s... Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Postal Distribution Center Between 28,000 and 35,000 pieces of metered mail are processed on campus per month Read More Imagine a Future in which Learning is for Life Georgia Tech's Creating the Next in Education Commission has devised a strategic map for navigating the future of education and providi... Read More This Month in Photos: June 2018 Research, dedications, studying, and construction. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Daisy's Apartment Brittain Dining Hall has been photographed countless times, it still holds a secret: a small apartment above the dining room Read More This Month in Photos: May 2018 Commencement, celebrations, and collaborations. Read More Tech's Oldest Building Gets New Letters Tech Tower has been outfitted with new letters that will be easier to maintain, while keeping the traditional look and feel of the oldest bu... Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Lockshop The lockshop holds the keys — literally — to every door on campus. Read More Highlighting the African American Male Initiative Two graduates talk about their time at Tech and the family they found on campus Read More This Month in Photos: April 2018 Dedications, research, awards and honors, and student competitions. Read More First in Their Families First-generation graduates talk about their Tech experience Read More Georgia-Grown Graduates For many Georgia Tech graduates, the State of Georgia has always been their home. Read More Tiny Diplomas Graduating from Georgia Tech is a big accomplishment, but one way it gets commemorated is very small. Read More Grads from Around the World People come to Atlanta from across the globe to study at Georgia Tech Read More Where to Take Your Graduation Photos Tech offers many picturesque locations, with plenty more available across Atlanta, that provide great backdrops for graduation photos Read More Living Building Challenge Accepted Georgia Tech is eagerly awaiting completion of the Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Cleanroom Tech is home to the largest cleanroom laboratory dedicated to the fabrication, characterization, and assembly of biomedical and semiconducto... Read More Spring 2018 ROTC Graduates While pursuing their degrees, many Georgia Tech students also participate in Air Force, Army, or Navy ROTC programs. Read More What's Up Now with Those Robots? Three years ago, in recognition of 2015 RoboWeek, we posted 7 Cool Things About Robots to share a sampling of the advances being made by our... Read More This Month in Photos: March 2018 Student competitions, guest speakers, and getting ready to graduate. Read More Creating the Next Awesome Future! Why Georgia Tech students love their school so much. Read More A Distinguished Honor Seth Marder has been named the 2018 recipient of the Class of 1934 Distinguished Professor Award, Tech's highest faculty honor Read More Carnegie Renovation Like many of Georgia Tech’s facilities, the Andrew Carnegie building has a storied history, beginning as the original campus library. Read More Get on the Bus A new campus program builds on the knowledge and skills developed in Safe Space training in the pursuit of bolstering allyship for LGBT peop... Read More Women of Robotics In a world dominated by men, here are 10 Georgia Tech women changing the field of robotics. Read More Aerial Adrenaline She's 17, a circus performer on the aerial silks and a junior by credit hours. In her first year on campus, Harper Doherty has leaned o... Read More Unstoppable: Tech Women Are Changing the Game For much of its history, from laboratories to lecture halls, Georgia Tech was seen as a place where women were scarce and their contribution... Read More Celebrating 10 Years of InVenture Prize This year's InVenture Prize marks the contest's 10th competition. To mark this milestone, we visit with 10 past finalists to learn... Read More The First-Gen Phenoms From growing up in a town where any kind of college plan was considered "the movie star dream," to facing daily cross-border commu... Read More Continuing the Conversation Georgia Tech's newest public art installation is a tribute to a civil rights hero and an invitation to reflect on our past and imagine... Read More Collaborative Artwork Makes a Splash on Campus When the campus was struck with tragedy, staff member Bobby Strickland helped a grieving community find relief through art. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Architectural Details III Take a look at buildings in and near the BioTech Quad and a few buildings along the perimeter of campus. Read More Epic Engineering Exploits DiscoverE’s Engineers Week gives us the perfect excuse to highlight inventions and technological advances that Georgia Tech engineers helped... Read More Another Promise Kept For many high school seniors, the elation that comes with learning that they've been accepted at one of the nation's most prestigi... Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Robert C. Williams Museum of Papermaking The museum was originally called the Dard Hunter Paper Museum and located at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Read More 17 Stories for 2017 2017 at Georgia Tech began with a successful program launch and ended with a Rhodes Scholar. In between, we hosted pro soccer, were overshad... Read More Graduate Profile: Kyle Forbes Kyle Forbes went to Orlando for Spring Break, but not for fun. He went in search of his dream job as a theme park designer. Read More More Than a Motto Several students graduating this December have shown a passion for service while studying at Tech. Read More Commencement More Than a Virtual Reality Commencement is more than a virtual reality for these online trailblazers Read More Georgia Tech in the Snow The snow took Atlanta by surprise this weekend, but despite facing finals, Tech students still took the opportunity to enjoy the experience Read More Graduate Profile: Shay and Shannon Ashmon Shay and Shannon's graduation is a family reunion of sorts, since the two were undergraduates together at Tech some 20 years ago. Read More Graduate Profile Emma Siegfried When Emma Siegfried graduates, she’ll be the latest in a line of family members who have been attending Georgia Tech for more than 100 years Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Architectural Details Two With 400 acres and nearly 160 buildings, Tech’s campus is filled with a range of architectural styles. Take a look at the details Read More Urban Atlanta, BeltLine serves as architecture laboratory The Master of Architecture program challenged students to use urban Atlanta as a laboratory and develop an inspirational bridge design for t... Read More Mr. and Ms. Georgia Tech The new Mr. and Ms. Georgia Tech were crowned at Homecoming, but this isn't a popularity contest. The process to earn a nomination invo... Read More Campus Leaf Peeping The season is changing on campus, and with it the colors of Tech's many trees Read More Modern Tech Traditions As Tech has evolved, so have its traditions. For current students and alumni alike, they continue to resonate in meaningful ways. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Cistern System at Tech Green A different kind of activity is taking place below Tech Green in a 1.4-million-gallon underground cistern system Read More K9 at Georgia Tech Georgia Tech's K9 Unit plays a crucial role for law enforcement statewide. Read More The Lunar Landing Logs No one plans like NASA, and when it came to exploring the moon, the Apollo program was no different. However, even despite their best effort... Read More Georgia Tech Research Corporation 80th Anniversary Awards A celebration of 80 years of the Georgia Tech Research Corporation took place Thursday, Nov. 2 Read More A Century of Leadership: 100 Years of ROTC at Georgia Tech From their roots in a student-run Signal Corps, Georgia Tech’s Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs have trained thousands of leaders. Read More Computing and Social Good: Finding Innovative Solutions Tech faculty and students having a long history of working with local organizations and agencies to help solve problems. Read More Creating the Next Age of Learning At Georgia Tech, we are addressing modern challenges of higher education through our innovative culture of education that links teaching, st... Read More Neuroscience and Neurotechnology at Tech Across Georgia Tech, researchers, scientists, and students are creating the next breakthroughs in understanding this complex system, treatme... Read More Getting By With a Little Help from Furry Friends Students share how pets help them get through the stresses of school Read More Employees Keep It Moving on Campus With a beautiful environment and amenable climate, Tech employees find motivation to get their steps in while on campus Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Architectural Details With 400 acres and nearly 160 buildings, Tech’s campus is filled with a range of architectural styles. Take a look at the details Read More Life after Tech: Retirees’ Second Act Tech celebrates retiring employees with the annual retirement dinner at the end of the month Read More Faculty Staff Art Show The Office of the Arts is presenting the first Arts@Tech Faculty and Staff Art Exhibit Read More Creating the Next Code Composers Teaching computer science to high school students requires creativity. A musical app called EarSketch proves to be the ideal learning instru... Read More Meet the Yellow Jackets that helped build Atlanta's Newest Stadium Atlanta's newest sports an entertainment venue, Mercedes-Benz Stadium, has been constructed with the help of many Yellow Jackets. Read More Renovating Tech Tower After being closed for renovation for more than a year, Georgia Tech’s most recognizable landmark reopened this summer Read More The Power of Giving The Gift of Connection Read More This Month in Photos: August 2017 An eclipse, orientation, lab dedication, and groundbreaking research. Read More You and Some 'Cavemen' Get a Genetic Health Check Evolution has improved upon the genetic foundations for millennia, a new study says. But could that have recently changed? Read More The Need for Speed: Georgia Tech’s Racing Roots, part 2 In the decades following World War II, as cars became an American obsession and racing grew ever more popular, countless Tech students, alum... Read More The Eclipse at Georgia Tech On August 21, 2017, the Great American Eclipse produced a 97-percent blockage of the sun on the campus of Georgia Tech. Faculty and students... Read More White Hats, Black Hats, and Grey Matter: Tackling Cybersecurity In the realm of cybersecurity, white hats are good-guy defenders and black hats are the adversary. Yet it takes a combination of both to rea... Read More Robotarium: A Robotics Lab Accessible to All A new lab in the center of campus allows researchers around the world to write their own code, then remotely upload it to Georgia Tech robot... Read More Tips for Success for Graduate and Transfer Students Graduate and transfer students offer their tips for success at Georgia Tech. Read More In the Classroom - Michael Gamble Since the age of six, Michael Gamble knew he wanted to be an architect. Read More Tech in 60 Seconds A lot can happen in a minute — especially at Georgia Tech. Here, we tell one-minute stories about campus life. Read More Going with the Flow On their entrepreneurial quest to make drinking water safe for all, two new Tech alumnae stand as testimony to the gumption and perseverance... Read More It's Gonna Be a Bright, Sunshiny Day Atlanta startup Quest Renewables helps power Atlanta’s new football stadium with technology developed at Georgia Tech. Read More Going, Going, Gone Over the last several months, the building at 490 10th Street was demolished to make space for the new Campus Safety Facility Read More Sinking Ant Towers Ants, despite having no leader or coordinated plan, engineer amazing structures to escape and survive. Read More One Small Steppe A group of five Georgia Tech students are participating in the Mongolia Charity Rally, a 10,000 mile trek across Europe and Asia. Read More Creating the Next Overeducated Cartoonist Georgia Tech alumnus Jorge Cham turned procrastination into a lucrative career as a comic strip creator. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Athletic Facilities Unless you were — or are — a student-athlete, you may not have seen where they go when they leave the field or court and disappear into the... Read More Georgia Tech's Racing Roots Early stock car racing gained ground on the Georgia Tech campus, thanks to contributions from Raymond Parks and a team of formidable race ca... Read More NASA's Juno Mission Reveals Jupiter’s First Surprises Professor Paul Steffes and NASA’s Science Team have released their first findings from the Juno mission to Jupiter. So far, the planet revea... Read More Water Works A company founded by Georgia Tech students is pioneering a new model for helping rural communities in developing countries maintain — and su... Read More In the Classroom with Dana Randall By the time Dana Randall finished college, she had five years of teaching experience under her belt Read More Creating the Next Advancement in the Human Condition Georgia Tech is addressing some of society’s most pressing issues in education, economic development, and entrepreneurship. Read More Lifelong Learners Many Georgia Tech staff members continue their education while working at Tech Read More 10 Years of Tech Promise The Tech Promise scholarship program celebrates 10 years and hundreds of graduates Read More Profiles of Perseverance Three graduates share their journeys through unexpected twists and turns, and their determination to finish. Read More From Yellow Jackets to Worker Bees Tech is known for helping students launch their careers. Read about where a few Spring graduates are headed. Read More Water, Water Everywhere In the world of water research, underserved communities provide the ultimate learning ground for undergrads. Read More Spring 2017 ROTC Graduates Georgia Tech congratulates its Spring 2017 ROTC graduates Read More Class Notes: MSE of Sports The evolution of sports equipment is taught as part of a class called Materials Science and Engineering of Sports (MSE 4803R). Read More Humor, Vision, and the Distinguished Professor Award Gary Schuster reflects on time at Tech and his latest honor. Read More March for Science Atlanta Georgia Tech scientists, researchers, and students talk about celebrating the role of science and March for Science Atlanta. Read More Staff Profiles: Meet Tech's On-the-Job Creators At Georgia Tech, the unique perspectives and brilliance of our staff are evident as they work to define what’s next every day. Read More Class Notes: A Class for the Masses Students enrolled in Introduction to Perception and Robots (CS 3630) are using robots in a completely different way. Read More Creating the Next in Robotics From autonomy, to human augmentation, to collaborative robotics. Read More Major League Machines To Celebrate National Robotics Week, here are Georgia Tech's 2017 robot trading cards. Read More Bringing the Autism Spectrum Into Focus Across Georgia Tech, researchers from every discipline are devoted to finding the causes of and effective treatments for autism. Read More 10 Years of Southern Stargazing Georgia Tech’s eye on the sky Is having a birthday. Read More Class Notes Series A series that looks at some of the interesting courses students take at Tech Read More Warped Reality: Virtual Trip to Hyperbolic Space Physicist and mathematician-artists create multi-colored virtual reality experience of hyperbolic geometry. Read More Behind the Buzzer Take a look at places Tech alumni have popped up on game shows over the years. Read More The Perfect Patient Rob Mannino used his own chronic, life-threatening blood disorder to pursue his dream of becoming a biomedical engineer. Now he is poised to... Read More Tech Performances: Students of Note Meet some of our students who represent the beautiful balance of technology and the arts. Read More Film Figures Tech Student is behind the scenes of Academy Award-nominated film Hidden Figures. Read More Faith in College Student organizations explore a wide range of aspects of college life, including faith. Read More 2017 National Engineers Week Roundup In honor of National Engineers Week, we've rounded up the top engineering news from 2017. Read More A Roadmap to Social Courage Jason Carter shares lessons from the powerful partnership of his grandparents. Read More Talking Through Suicide One of the biggest barriers in suicide prevention is the fear of talking about suicide, but talking saves lives. Read More Eating in the Blink of an Eye Reversible saliva allows frogs to hang on to their next meal. Read More Myavana - Shattering Startup Stereotypes Tech alumna Candace Mitchell combined beauty and technology and ended up with a startup revolution. Read More In the Classroom with Florin Niculescu Niculescu always loved mathematics, but it wasn’t until he was a course assistant at Harvard that he started thinking about teaching. Read More Santiago Calatrava: Exploring the Art of Construction A unique selection of models, as well as architectural and artistic drawings of 13 selected projects from around the world. Read More The Health Informatics Revolution Georgia Tech is advancing health informatics in ways that will affect the future of health care. Read More Next Stop: Med School For many students, Georgia Tech is a stepping stone to the scalpel and stethoscope. Read More Beyond the Bottom Line Georgia Tech's impact on the state's economy is calculated at $2.87 billion each year — But that's just the beginning. Read More Home Away From Home for the Holidays He won’t be home for the holidays, but Georgia Tech alumnus Shane Kimbrough will get to celebrate Christmas twice. Read More Graduates With Gratitude Graduates from near and far share how they got to — and through — Tech, and who helped along the way. Read More 2016: A Year in Review Take a look back at some of our most notable stories and photos from 2016. Read More Tech Reflections Graduating students tell their version of the Tech experience, sharing memories from their time as undergraduates. Read More Making it Work The challenges, surprises, and rewards of balancing love, marriage, and scholarship for two Georgia Tech couples. Read More TECH+knowledge+Y: What is science fiction? Lisa Yaszek describes the three categories of science fiction, from the seriousness of Stanley Kubrick to the silliness of sharks. Read More Commencement Stories Commencement isn't just a ceremony, but a season of celebration. Read More Happy Holidays 2016 Wishing you a wonderful holiday season. Read More In the Classroom with Kelly Comfort Associate Professor of Spanish Kelly Comfort went to college with plans to become a broadcast journalist. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Student Media Georgia Tech’s robust student media operation includes a newspaper, yearbook, art and literary magazine, and much more. Read More Banding Together Georgia Tech's band is now the largest it has ever been in Tech’s history — 370 members to be exact. Read More Exchange Stories Amazing global travel stories by Georgia Tech students, professors, and administrators. Read More A (Young) Lifetime of Adventure Come along with Brandon Cox on his quest to travel to all seven continents and 149 countries before he turned 35 years old. Read More Under the Hood Georgia Tech staff and volunteers strive to make Commencement special for nearly 3,000 students. Read More Space Man Georgia Tech graduate Shane Kimbrough is aboard the International Space Station to begin a four-month stay in orbit. Read More Class Notes with John Cressler Engineering a life by studying religion with Professor John Cressler. Read More Cumberland Game Oct. 7, 2016, marks the 100th anniversary of Georgia Tech’s historic football win over Cumberland College. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Wind Tunnel Located on the ground floor of the Guggenheim Building, the wind tunnel is a state-of-the-art facility for experimental research. Read More Faces of Inclusive Excellence Faculty, staff, and students who are committed to advancing Georgia Tech's culture of inclusive excellence. Read More Innovation Ecosystem A network of students, researchers, and companies working together to develop new technologies and jobs. Read More In the Classroom with Gary Schuster Gary Schuster gives Peter Pan partial credit for inspiring his 50-year career in academia. Read More Campus Coffee A comprehensive guide for fueling your studies and workday on campus. Read More First Day - Fall 2016 One day, eight ways — we followed eight new Yellow Jackets on the first day of the semester. Read More First-Year Survival Tips Welcome, new Yellow Jackets! It’s going to be an exciting year. Georgia Tech has lots of resources to help first-year students. Read More Schizophrenia Simulator Schizophrenia research and treatment has been fast-tracked, thanks to an invention by Georgia Tech engineers. Read More Ramblin' to Rio Georgia Tech will be well-represented at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Read More Solar Power to the People Twenty-three Georgia Tech students take "Progress & Service" to a health clinic in Haiti — and bring a lot of lessons home. Read More 20th Anniversary of Atlanta Games 2016 marks the 20th anniversary of the Centennial Olympic Games held in Atlanta. Read More Georgia Tech's Olympic Legacy Much of what is familiar about the Georgia Tech campus was brand new in 1996. Here are a few things that came as preparations for the Atlant... Read More How the First Land Animals Moved 360 Million Years Ago Georgia Tech is studying the mudskipper to understand one of the most important evolutionary events in our history. Read More Peering Through Jupiter's Clouds On July fourth, five years after it was launched by NASA and JPL, spacecraft Juno reaches its destination: Jupiter. Read More 2016 Georgia Summer Tour Recap President G.P. "Bud" Peterson has wrapped up his eighth Georgia Tour. In four days, he covered 570 miles, visited 21 counties, 15... Read More The Basketball King of China Former NBA and Georgia Tech star Stephon Marbury has thrived playing overseas. Read More In the Classroom with Julian Rimoli As a child, Rimoli shared a dream with many who grew up watching space missions: He wanted to be an astronaut. Read More Monster Drive There’s a reason Tech classes don’t intimidate professional monster truck driver Rosalee Ramer. Read More 40 Year Old Math Problem Solved Three Georgia Tech mathematicians prove the Kelmans-Seymour Conjecture. Read More The Pi Mile Road Race The Pi Mile Road Race is a 3.14159265359 miles Georgia Tech tradition. Read More In the Classroom with Deborah Phillips At an early age, Deborah Phillips had a front row seat to witness the lasting impact educators can make. Read More Second Time Around Many alumni return to Tech as faculty and staff, and end up back at Commencement time and again. Read More Forging the Future 10 incredible students. Meet some of the Georgia Tech freshmen who are forging the future. Read More Who's Turning Their Tassels: Meet the Graduates Meet some of the students who will be turning their tassels at Spring 2016 Commencement. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: DramaTech Theater Georgia Tech’s student-run theater is the oldest continuously running theater in Georgia. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech - Holland Plant The home of the Georgia Tech steam whistle has been producing steam since 1917. Read More In the Classroom with Michael Smith This award-winning teacher is a “triple dipper” because he has three degrees from Georgia Tech. Read More Sharing the Road An important step in Tech's plan to be more bike-friendly is complete, and projects are underway. Read More What is an El Nino event? Kim Cobb, a professor in the School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences, explains this climate phenomenon. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Library Archives Tech’s Library Archives feature a surprising assortment of artifacts from a Picasso to Oscars. Read More What Does Sustainability Mean to Georgia Tech? For Georgia Tech, being sustainable means much more than simply being “green.” Read More Gravitational Waves Observed Scientists claim one of the most significant discoveries in the world of physics this century. Read More The Magic of Math This award-winning Mathematics professor also happens to be an award-winning magician. Read More In the Classroom with Ashok Goel Professor Ashok Goel never had any doubt that he would enter the family business: education. Read More Is College Worth It? Rising costs and student debt are causing families to weigh college options more carefully. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Tech Tower Take a behind-the-scenes tour of Georgia Tech’s most recognizable landmark, Tech Tower. Read More 2015: A Look Back Take a look back at some of our most notable stories and photos from 2015. Read More The Science of Star Wars Georgia Tech faculty members discuss the science, and science fiction, of Star Wars. Read More A Family Tradition We talked with a few graduates who have connections to Commencements past. Read More Breaking Down the Cap and Gown Everything you always wanted to know about Georgia Tech's academic regalia. Read More TECH+knowledge+Y: What is Electric Propulsion? Mitchell Walker explains propulsion and what more efficient propulsion means for you. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Machine Shop Georgia Tech Research Institute's Machine Services Shop fabricates, repairs, and modifies parts. Read More Looking Back on Commencement Traditions To celebrate Tech's 250th Commencement, we looked back at traditions through the years. Read More In the Classroom with Linda Green Linda Green likes to tap into students’ curiosity by taking a fresh look at familiar occurrences. Read More Mr. and Ms. Georgia Tech 2016 Mr. and Ms. Georgia Tech 2016 take the spotlight after a whirlwind Homecoming weekend. Read More TECH+knowledge+Y: What is the cloud? The cloud is where email and websites live, but what and where is it? Find out. Read More Frightful and Insightful To celebrate the coming weekend, here are some spooky stories, frightful facts, and Halloween happenings around campus. Read More She's Got the Keys Hillary Degenkolb is the first woman to sit in the driver’s seat of Georgia Tech’s Ramblin’ Wreck since 1988. Read More The Art of Genius An iconic sculpture of Albert Einstein by renowned American sculptor, Robert Berks, finds a permanent home at Georgia Tech. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech Across the Georgia Tech campus, hidden spaces and forgotten places await rediscovery Read More Hidden Georgia Tech - Wreck Graveyard Take a glimpse inside the Graveyard, where relics from the Wreck Parade become parts for future wrecks. Read More In the Classroom with Bob Kirkman The lightbulb moment that changed the way Bob Kirkman teaches, and lead to an astonishing jump in student engagement. Read More TECH+knowledge+Y: Phantom Vibrations What is phantom vibration syndrome? Robert Rosenberger, an assistant professor in the School of Public Policy explains. Read More Humans on Mars Faculty members are creating the next technologies for future missions, landing locations, and instruments to find life. Read More 5 Reasons to Apply for Early Action Here are five good reasons why you can't go wrong by applying for Early Action to Georgia Tech. The deadline is October 15! Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The Glass Shop On the lower level of the Ford ES&T Building, Georgia Tech’s scientific glassblower repairs damaged glass equipment from campus labs. Read More Multitasking Moths What researchers have discovered about the hawkmoth could help the next generation of small flying robots. Read More In the Classroom with Bill Singhose Professor Singhose teaches Tech’s introductory mechanical design class to 300 students per term. Read More Spectacular Collision of Georgia Tech & Dragon Con Georgia Tech’s stories of nerdy inspiration at the nation’s premier science fiction, fantasy, and pop culture fan convention. Read More Moving a Lab Tech’s researchers and faculty members relocate the Matrix Biology and Engineering Lab to the new Engineered Biosystems Building. Read More Small Wonders Big advances are coming to the smallest patients. From home health care to medical devices designed for kids. Read More Startups 101 With Tech’s campus in the center of Atlanta's entrepreneurial boom, it’s no surprise that students have embraced the startup culture. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: The West Stands Some of Bobby Dodd Stadium's original architecture is still in tact, and you won’t believe what lies under its seats. Read More 10 Years after Katrina As the nation marks the 10-year anniversary of Hurricane Katrina, we reflect on the catastrophic impact the storm had on the Gulf Coast. Read More Tech's Strategic Plan: Five Years Later Five years later, we are taking a look back at the progress made and how Georgia Tech is strategically changing the world. Read More 100 Years of RAT Caps The new freshman class will don their RAT Caps at Convocation, participating in a Tech tradition that marks its 100th anniversary this year. Read More The Beltline Impact Ryan Gravel’s Georgia Tech master’s thesis changed the City of Atlanta in three major ways forever. Read More Tech's Living History Georgia Tech's Living History director has seen and heard a lot of interesting stories during her 20 years of interviews. Read More Hidden Georgia Tech: Heffernan House Hidden Georgia Tech is a photo essay series highlighting places on campus that largely go unnoticed, but are hidden in plain sight. Read More Rising Senior Summer Tech's admission counselors share tips for taking the heat off your upcoming senior year and the looming college application process. Read More Robots on the Road A team from Georgia Tech’s Center for Music Technology, led by Professor Gil Weinberg, brought its musical robots to NBC’s TODAY Show. Read More Ramblin' On Graduating seniors take a look back before and share what it was like for them at Georgia Tech. Read More Commencement Wishes Three graduates look back at all they’ve done, and things they wish they could have done. Read More Coming Home to Tech Two prominent alumni, G. Wayne Clough and Gen. Philip M. Breedlove, returned to Tech as Commencement speakers. Read More Teaching to the Tech At this year’s Faculty and Staff Awards Luncheon, 18 faculty members were honored for their teaching effectiveness. Read More Stamps Scholars Convention 500 outstanding students from across the nation converged at Georgia Tech for the third Biennial Stamps Scholars National Convention. Read More Up Close and Personal with the President A handful of Georgia Tech students had the opportunity to be face to face with President Barack Obama during his address at McCamish Pavilio... Read More 7 Cool Things About Robots For National Robotics Week, we've compiled a list of seven cool things Georgia Tech robots can do (or will be able to do soon). Read More International Food Fest Most days, Tech’s diversity is evident just by walking around campus. One day a year, though, you can actually taste it. Read More President Obama Visits Georgia Tech President Obama visited Georgia Tech in March 2015. And when the White House comes calling, you roll out the red—better yet, gold—carpet. Read More #POTUSatGT Trends on Social Media Social media exploded with photos, videos, and comments as Yellow Jackets shared their experiences from the President’s visit to Tech. Read More A Secret Meeting with President Obama At the same time the President walked into McCamish Pavilion at Georgia Tech, Secret Service agents walked three Georgia Tech students into... Read More Students Pack McCamish for Presidential Pep Talk Nearly 10,000 students, faculty, and staff gathered in McCamish Pavilion to hear the president announce his Student Aid Bill of Rights. Read More A Candidate Returns as President In 2007, a U.S. senator from Illinois visited Georgia Tech as a presidential candidate. He spoke at what was known as Yellow Jacket Park — n... Read More Welcome, President Barack Obama In 2015, Georgia Tech welcomed President Obama, who spoke about college affordability and announced the Student Aid Bill of Rights. Read More Tech Co-Hosts the Atlanta Science Festival Building on last year’s momentum, Georgia Tech will again host events for anyone interested in exploring science and technology. Read More Drawing on Nature Class Breaks the Mold Amidst the calculus, thermodynamics, and structures classes at Georgia Tech exists an offering that breaks the mold, “Drawing on Nature.” Read More Tech Hosts ACC Swimming & Diving Championships For two weeks in February 2015, Georgia Tech played host to its fellow ACC schools for the conference swim and dive championships. Read More Serve Learn Sustain The Serve•Learn•Sustain quality enhancement plan builds on Georgia Tech's commitment to community engagement and sustainability issues. Read More Guthman Music Competition Top 10 The next generation of musical instruments were showcased at the 2015 Margaret Guthman Musical Instrument Competition. Read More Romance in the Age of Social Sharing New Georgia Tech computing research brings insight into how we find, talk about, and improve our relationships with that significant other. Read More Yellow Jackets Swarm the Capitol Student Day at the Capitol rallies students to show appreciation for state support that sustains Tech’s standing among the best in the world Read More Taking a Look Back on 2014 It's been another incredible year at Georgia Tech. Take a look back at some of our most notable stories and photos from 2014. Read More So, How About That Online Computer Science Degree? In January 2014, Georgia Tech introduced the Online Master of Science in Computer Science, available for an approximate cost of $6,600. Read More Engineering Medical Breakthroughs The Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering creates breakthroughs in health care diagnostics and treatment that have transformed lives. Read More The Magic of Engineering If you’ve vacationed at a Disney park over the past two decades, you’ve probably already seen Trevor Larsen’s work. Read More Fall 2014 Commencement Photos and videos from the ceremony, plus profiles of the Commencement speaker, E. Roe Stamps IV, and Stamps Scholar Veronica Foreman. Read More Caps Off to Innovation Teams spend a semester with advisors and industry partners to design, build, and test prototypes that solve real-live problems. Read More Surviving Cyberspace Cybersecurity examines how we can protect computers, networks, programs, and data from unauthorized access or destruction. Read More GT Full Circle Georgia Tech is a global community of more than 20,000 students and nearly 125,000 alumni. To celebrate International Education Week, we are... Read More Brave Faces Thousands of Georgia Tech students and alumni have served in the United States military. They are leaders, teachers, heroes and survivors. Read More Technology and the Future of Higher Education Technology is changing the landscape of higher education, and Georgia Tech is on the cutting edge of the movement. Our experts weigh in. Read More The Digital Fabrication Lab The Digital Fabrication Lab at the College of Architecture is the largest shop, and it blends artful expression with marketable experience. Read More Stamps President's Scholars If you apply by Oct. 15, you'll be considered for the four-year, full-ride Stamps President’s Scholar Program. Read More Humans vs. Zombies For one week a semester, Rachel Clark lives by two words: Be paranoid. It’s not because of finals. Tech’s campus has fallen prey to zombies. Read More The Genetic Basis for Diversity Researchers studying five species of fish have uncovered a variety of features that enabled the fishes to thrive in new habitats. Read More A Sampling of Sapelo Island Follow Assistant Professor Jennifer Glass and her team as they slog through the marshland of Sapelo Island, Georgia. Read More Eyeing the Crown Maggie Bridges, a Georgia Tech senior and Miss Georgia 2014, competed for the crown in the Miss America pageant on Sept. 14, 2014. Read More Tap Into Your Inner Inventor The Inventure Prize rewards students with cash prizes and free patents for big innovations that aim to solve the world’s problems. Read More A Memorial to the Unthinkable Georgia Tech architecture alumnus designed the 9/11 Memorial in remembrance of those killed on September 11, 2001. Read More Swarm Robotics Disaster areas. Nuclear spills. Swarm Robotics lets us send robots to do the dangerous tasks that people shouldn't be doing. Read More Welcoming a New Class Admission recruits the most qualified, diverse freshman class in Tech history, and 2,800 new students start their journeys as Jackets. Read More Admission Tips Application tips from Tech's admissions counselors, including info about the application process, essay advice, and tips for parents. Read More Igniting the STEM Spark At 31, Chris Carron has landed a great fortune – doing what he loves for a living. His only regret: that he wasn’t turned on to it sooner. Read More A Smarter and Safer Military Tech researchers are instrumental in developing the technologies and platforms that help determine how wars are fought and lives are spared Read More History Underfoot Georgia Tech had not yet been founded when the Civil War was fought, but that doesn’t mean the Institute has no connections to the war. Read More Weighing in on the World Cup Whether it's politics, infrastructure or economic development, Georgia Tech experts weigh in on their relationship to the 2014 World Cu... Read More In Antarctica Jeannette Yen, a biology professor, is an ecologist with an engineer’s eye. She and her team are on a quest to the bottom of the food chain. Read More Wonder Women Women in engineering are preparing for their roles as everyday heroes, using their extraordinary talents to protect and improve our world. Read More The Invention Studio The Invention Studio is a 3,000-square-foot, student-run “design-build-play” space that is open to all students across all disciplines. Read More Renewable Bioproducts Institute Georgia Institute of Technology is playing a leadership role in developing and refining forest product technologies and best practices. Read More Man's (New) Best Friends The venomous sidewinder rattlesnake is just one of the unlikely species inspiring Georgia Tech researchers to improve animal and human lives Read More Celebrating National Bike Month At Tech, bicycles are an ever-present mode of transport, not just a recreational vehicle to be hauled out ceremonially for National Bike Mon... Read More Spring 2014 Commencement Visionary leaders from Coca-Cola and the Coulter Foundation receive honorary doctorates at Tech’s spring commencement ceremonies. Read More Faces of Graduation We celebrate Commencement by seeing how some students have spent the past few years and what they’ll be doing after they turn their tassels.... Read More Crunching the Numbers With the cost of a college education going up, there’s an increased tendency to talk about higher education’s “Return on Investment.” Read More Up With the White, Gold & Green Captain Planet and a Recycling Bag Monster joined hundreds of members of the Tech community as they gathered for an Earth Day celebration. Read More National Robotics Week All-Star Lineup Since 1885, Georgia Tech has helped shape the future and improve society. When it comes to robotics, we have set ourselves apart in a league... Read More 24 Hours at Clough Commons At Clough Commons, Yellow Jackets converge round-the-clock for labs, lectures, tutoring, advising, or a caffeine boost with friends. Read More Mr. & Ms. Georgia Tech Applications, interviews, and presentations: all for the chance to steal the show at Homecoming as Mr. and Ms. Georgia Tech. Read More Tech Students Invent 560 students competed in the 2014 InVenture Prize. Over several months, the group was narrowed to six teams, who competed in the finale. Read More Graduate Program National Rankings Georgia Tech is among the nation’s best when it comes to providing cutting-edge, technologically focused graduate degrees. Read More Launching & Building Technology Companies Startup powerhouse, Advanced Technology Development Center (ATDC), provides coaching, community support, and connections. Read More Things to Do at the Atlanta Science Festival Even with eight days of events at the Atlanta Science Festival, it’s safe to predict there’ll be only one genetically modified punk band Read More Career Fair Do's and Don'ts At the Career Fair, more than 360 employers will be looking for students to fill permanent, co-op, and internship positions. Will you be rea... Read More Bioengineering at Tech: Past, Present, Future Faculty member, Bob Nerem, wrote the book on bioengineering at Tech, and he’s looking forward to the next chapter. Read More Women in Engineering The advances of Jamie Clark, Melissa McCoy and Karen Feigh offer just a glimpse into what Georgia Tech’s women in engineering are capable of Read More Couplet…A Love Story Created at Tech, Couplet is an online matchmaking site that enables Facebook friends (instead of an impersonal algorithm) to play Cupid. Read More Set Your Sights on Tech! Set your sights on Tech! That’s the message the Women’s Recruiting Team is sending to young women across the country. Read More Good as Gold There is no question that Georgia Tech provides a mental workout. We also rank among the most physically fit college campuses in the country Read More Snow Stories Snowmageddon. Snowpocalypse. However you remember the last week of January 2014, there’s no doubt what kind of mess Atlanta was in. Read More Building the Power Grid of the Future Georgia Tech researchers are applying lessons learned from one of the biggest blackouts in history to build the power grids of the future. Read More Turning Research into Companies I-Corps spurs translation of fundamental research, encourages collaboration, and trains students on innovation and entrepreneurship. Read More Meet Kathy Spetz - aka Buzz Mama Meet Kathy Spetz – aka, Buzz Mama – the seamstress and (helluva) engineer behind Georgia Tech's beloved mascot, Buzz. Read More 2013 at Georgia Tech in 20 Pictures It's been an incredible year at Georgia Tech from viral videos to groundbreaking research that will change how we see the world. Read More Catching Neutrinos in a South Pole Block of Ice Scientists use a one cubic kilometer block of ice at the South Pole to help unravel one of the great scientific mysteries of our time. Read More A Delivery for Santa Just how hard is it to deliver a package to Santa Claus? Georgia Tech’s Great International Package Race seeks to find the answer. Read More Six Weeks in the Forest Students spent six weeks in the Talladega National Forest, as part of the U.S. atmospheric chemistry field project. Read More Fall 2013 Commencement One of the world’s preeminent and most innovative architects, Santiago Calatrava, spoke to graduates at the Fall 2013 Commencement ceremony. Read More Harvesting the World's Mechanical Energy With one stomp of his foot, Zhong Lin Wang illuminates a thousand LED bulbs – with no batteries or power cord. Read More Wallace Coulter at 100 "Coulter's life is an inspiration to us all and we honor his memory in the way we approach our education and research." Read More Tongue Drive Wheelchair Researchers from Georgia Tech and Sheperd Center have created a wheelchair that users can control with a tongue piercing. Read More Dogs, Not Dawgs From companions to rescuers, throughout Georgia Tech's history, dogs have taught researchers news tricks for technology. Read More A Promise Fulfilled Sarah Banks’ story is another example of how a college hopeful became a soon-to-be college graduate because of the Tech Promise Scholarship. Read More Student Veterans Find Home at Tech Tech is not just welcoming, but nurturing, for veterans. This year, the Division of Student Affairs established a Veterans Resource Center. Read More 'Going Greek' for 125 Years In the 125 years since it first began, Greek life has been a part of the Georgia Tech experience for thousands of students and alumni. Read More Ramblin' with the Wreck Driver Says the Wreck driver, “I’m just a regular student who happens to have one of the most visible jobs in college football." Read More Land of Co-opportunity “I can honestly say co-oping has been the best decision I’ve ever made in college, and now I preach it to everybody that comes through.” Read More Unlocking the Potential of Clean Energy The Carbon-Neutral Energy Solutions Lab brings together a mix of experts to solve some of the big technological problems in clean energy. Read More Healthcare Partnership Quick Wins Excite Georgia Tech, Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Partnership Read More Sophomore Sensation Nick Selby aspires to be an inventor, but even he could not have envisioned the explosive national response to his speech at Georgia Tech’s... Read More Urban Farming Georgia Tech students and faculty are using the Institute’s place in the city to spark the growth of small-scale urban agriculture. Read More There's an App for That If you’re tuned in to transit-related news in Atlanta, you may have recently seen or heard Georgia Tech’s own Kari Watkins. Read More Tech Square Celebrates a Decade Happy birthday to the project that turned a once blighted area into a thriving ecosystem for high-tech innovators and entrepreneurs. Read More My Summer in Africa Assistant Professor, Manu Platt, narrates a personal slideshow from his life-saving research trip to South Africa and Ethiopia. Read More Grant Field Turns 100 Tech commemorated the 100-year anniversary of Grant Field in a game against Virginia Tech. Read More Engineered Art The Georgia Tech campus is home to eight sculptures that represent a diversity of styles, and technical approaches characterizing our times. Read More Home Sweet Home Freshman and parents descend on campus in minivans packed with mini-fridges and mini-microwaves to start their new lives as Yellow Jackets. Read More A Capitol Experience An internship in the office of a U.S. Congressman was a valuable and memorable experience. Read More Tales of the Pacific Georgia Tech students help scientists predict how the Earth’s climate will respond in the future. Read More Manufacturing Research The Manufacturing Institute helps solve the greatest challenges facing U.S. industry. Read More