Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Eco Urban Lab Eco Urban Lab The Eco Urban Lab is based on the School of City and Regional Planning and the School of Architecture at the College of Design. It collaborates with Tongji University’s College of Architecture and Urban Planning. Why are we unique? At the Eco Urban Lab, we apply design and analytical skills to understand cities and urban communities in their full orchestration as a system of systems. We study and model energy, water, mobility, and human experiences in urban environments. We think of the future urban environment as more than arrangements of physical forms. Increasingly, architects, urban designers, engineers, and planners are converging on a view of the city as a complex conglomeration of networks, and reframing the challenges of how best to organize or redesign them. We aim to incorporate data analytics into urban design for shaping future cities and communities to achieve ecological sustainability, climate resilience, and social inclusiveness. Who are we? The Eco Urban Lab is led by Associate Professor Perry Yang. Members of the lab have contributed to studies on urban climate design, alternative renewable energy systems planning, near-zero urban energy systems, and smart urban districts, among others. Perry Yang What do we do? The Eco Urban Lab leads and collaborates in research functions relating to urban systems and in real-world urban design projects. Our main collaborators within Georgia Tech include researchers and partners from the College of Design and the Brook Byers Institute for Sustainable Systems. Eco Urban Lab has been involved in urban farming research in Georgia Tech campus with researchers from Georgia Tech’s School of Civil and Environmental Engineering, participating in planning research for Georgia Tech’s new global campus in Shenzhen, and most recently, coordinating smart city workshops with Digital Engineering group in Aerospace Systems Design Laboratory for envisioning future airport city systems design in Atlanta. Our global footprints through urban design projects take place in major Asian cities, in collaboration with Tongji University, the University of Tokyo, Keio University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and other prestigious schools in Asia. Many of those cities are facing climate, societal, and urban challenges that require co-design processes to cultivate innovative and creative solutions through methods of smart city systems design. The Eco Urban Lab has been involved in Tokyo’s smart cities projects from 2017 to 2021, supported by the Global Carbon Project (GCP) Tsukuba International Office. The International urban design studios headed by Dr. Perry Yang have been taught under the School of City & Regional Planning and the School of Architecture. The Tokyo Smart City Project is moving to Tokyo’s historic center Nihonbashi from 2022, in collaboration with University of Tokyo and Kei University, supported by Mitsui Fudosan University of Tokyo Laboratory. See below to view lab and studio-based projects. Our Work Recent Lab Projects Urban Systems Design: Creating Sustainable Smart Cities in the Internet of Things Era Data-Driven Planning Support Systems for Smart Campus Design Near Zero Energy District Design: A Geodesign for Human-Energy-Water Interactive Systems Geodesign for a Closed-loop Urban System by Algae Recent Studio Projects International Urban Design Studio 2020: Shinagawa, Tokyo International Urban Design Studio 2018-2019: Kyojima, Tokyo International Urban Design Studio 2017: Urawa-Misono District, Tokyo International Urban Design Studio 2016: Shanghai, Disney International Urban Design Studio 2015: Designing an Urban Eco District in Asia Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in