Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan </ul> Open Search Search Search President's Blog Breadcrumb Home President's Blog President's Blog Archive </div> Conference at the University of Santander Friday, September 24, 2021 On Sept. 8, I spoke at a conference organized by the University of Santander in Bucaramanga, Colombia, where I discussed (in Spanish) the role and responsibility of the modern research university to develop creative, sustainable solutions to confront the complex challenges affecting humanity everywhere. Remembering 9/11 Thursday, September 9, 2021 As we join with our colleagues, families, and friends to remember 9/11 this and every year, I am grateful for the stories that keep the sacrifices close in our hearts and minds. Stories like these are the ones that I told my own children, who were at the time too small to comprehend the incomprehensible — stories of individuals, communities, a country, and a world in grief and turning to hope. These are the stories that we must honor, remember, and tell over and over for generations to come. The President's Top 10 Tuesday, August 24, 2021 Nearly two years after becoming president, I had the pleasure of speaking at my first New Student Convocation in McCamish Pavilion on Sunday, Aug. 22. In my address to our incoming class, I discussed Georgia Tech’s mission and offered my top 10 suggestions for a safe and productive Fall 2021 semester. Jackets Moving Forward Monday, August 16, 2021 I know you are as excited as I am to see our campus full of life again — classes and labs, vibrant residence and dining halls, old traditions and new friendships, and an exciting football season just around the corner! I am looking forward to welcoming both our newest and our returning students, faculty, and staff, and to work with you toward another successful year. Thanks to your work and the collective efforts of our community last year, we were able to keep Georgia Tech moving forward while… more 100th Anniversary of Telecommunications Engineering in Spain Tuesday, May 18, 2021 As an alum of the oldest school of its kind, I had the honor of being the keynote speaker for the 100th anniversary of the first class of Telecommunications Engineers in Spain. The field, which is very similar to what we know in the United States as electrical and computer engineering, has played a pivotal role in driving progress around the world, connecting us, enabling economic opportunity, and, very importantly, preparing us to deal with the global pandemic. Interestingly, 100 years ago,… more Reaffirming Our Commitment Wednesday, April 21, 2021 The tragic death of George Floyd last year, the deep pain it caused across the country, and the guilty verdict announced yesterday in the trial of the police officer who murdered him are reminders of the work that still lies ahead in our journey toward justice. Times Higher Education: Lessons of Remote Learning Friday, April 9, 2021 I recently participated in a panel discussion called "What are the learnings from learning online?" at the Times Higher Education (THE) Live U.S. conference. The conversation brought me together with administrators from private institutions like Stanford and Marymount to discuss the challenges and takeaways from a year of learning remotely. Koan and the Art of Technology Friday, March 26, 2021 This week, we gathered for a dedication of an exciting addition to Georgia Tech’s growing public sculpture collection, named Koan. Standing 12 meters tall, Koan is a magnificent structure in the center of campus, designed by the late John Portman, renowned architect and designer and one of our most distinguished alumni. Vaccine Gratitude Friday, March 19, 2021 This week, I received my first dose of the Covid-19 vaccine. It filled me with relief and immense gratitude. Never before had we (the global "we," the humankind "we") developed, tested, manufactured, distributed, and delivered a vaccine to so many people this fast. Much work remains to be done to increase distribution by an order of magnitude and reach billions of people. But what we have so far accomplished makes me optimistic about our ability to tackle the most complex problems affecting us… more We Have a Role in This Struggle Wednesday, March 17, 2021 Yesterday’s senseless acts of violence in metro Atlanta are heartbreaking and incomprehensible. Together with recent reports about increased violent acts against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders across the country, they raise deeply concerning questions about racism in our country. Violence against Asian Americans is violence against us all. Pagination Current page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Next page ›› Last page Last » Ángel Cabrera Download photo (jpg 641kb) About Ángel Cabrera Biography and headshot Curriculum vitae (PDF) President's Blog Subscribe to eNewsletter President's Blog Guided by Ethics November 4, 2022 Our mission to develop leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition relies on a set of core values, including — very importantly —… Dedicating the New John Lewis Student Center at Georgia Tech October 6, 2022 On Sept. 29, Georgia Tech students, faculty, and staff gathered with alumni, friends, and donors to dedicate the new John Lewis Student Center. The… </div> See all blog posts President's Newsletter December 2022 This past weekend, we awarded more than 5,600 bachelor’s, master’s, and doctor’s degrees to another remarkable group of graduates. November 2022 Every chance I get, I love to drop by and visit faculty and students in their labs. October 2022 Last week, I had the pleasure of introducing J Batt, our new director of Athletics, to the Yellow Jacket community. See all newsletters Candid Conversations with Cabrera Sherry Boschert Journalist and activist Sherry Boschert discusses her latest book, 37 Words: Title IX and Fifty Years of Fighting Sex Discrimination,… Ellen Bassett The dean of the College of Design discusses the versatility and value of urban planning, its impact on the built environment, and why design… See all candid conversations View Previous Conversations Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education