Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Research & Engagement Research & Engagement Our School's midtown Atlanta laboratories give birth to new ideas that can change urban life. Atlanta’s changing landscape is in part a testimony to Georgia Tech’s creativity and insight. Our research doesn’t just get published in journals. It influences the lives of people living in cities and regions globally. The Atlanta BeltLine, Atlantic Station, and Chattahoochee Now were all first imagined in a School project, as were urban heat island mitigation in Louisville and the Shunde Green Heart district in Guandong, China. More than $3 million of funded research is conducted by School members each year, from a $2.5 million NSF project on urban heat islands to a $5,000 Georgia Conservancy project on school siting. We Focus On RESILIENCE - We advance the capacities of cities and regions to survive, adapt, and grow in the face of stresses and shocks to achieve sustainable futures. We promote improvements to urban form, infrastructure, and social capital in order to advance prosperity, environmental quality, social justice, and economic and political equity. URBAN ANALYTICS - We leverage the power of informatics and spatial analytics to better understand the forces that drive urban systems, thereby helping to inform community-driven future planning based on our core values of sustainability, justice, resilience, health, and inclusion. INCLUSIVE COMMUNITIES - We facilitate the involvement of the full range of affected stakeholders in decisions concerning the future of cities and regions, with particular attention to under-represented groups, in order to reduce inequality through plan implementation. Learn About What We Do Faculty Research Our faculty are at the forefront of innovation in their chosen fields. Student Research & Work Every graduate student completes both individual and team-based research. Global Partnerships We have numerous partnerships abroad that grant opportunity to students. Research Labs & Affiliated Centers Our faculty work in major research centers and run their own academic labs. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in