Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Join Our Vibrant and Connected Community Join Our Vibrant and Connected Community Our alumni share aspirations and a common past that draw them to each other. Their perspectives and experiences are vital to keeping the School’s degree programs current and research relevant. Their post-graduation endeavors have far-reaching impacts and garner national attention. Our alumni work in 49 U.S. states and territories and 31 countries. They include planning directors and major consulting firm officers at the vice president level or above, university faculty members, and Fellows of the American Institute of Certified Planners. Our alumni network is strong and supportive of the education of current students. If you are an alumnus, please join us at our many annual events, send us your thoughts, and think of yourself as an ambassador of our School. Contact Us Hire a Planner Stay in Touch: Alumni Update Form Have you changed jobs? Moved? Married? Fill out our alumni update form so you can stay up to date on school events, news, and other important School happenings. All questions contained in this update form will become part of our School of City & Regional Planning database for internal use only, unless you agree to share. Alumni Update Form LinkedIn Join the Georgia Tech School of City and Regional Planning Group on LinkedIn. This group of 600+ alumni is active with updates on alumni networking opportunities and job listings. Our LinkedIn group is the primary way we share job postings and employment opportunities with our alumni. Join the LinkedIn Group! Be Our Guest Make a guest presentation on campus related to your research or practice, and share career and professional development advice with members of the Student Planning Association. To participate, please contact school chair Gulsah Akar. Email Gulsah Reception Attendance Attend our receptions at the national APA and ACSP conferences (and Tech's reception at TRB conferences), reunions, and AICP Certification Maintenance events on campus. To make sure you are on the email list to receive notifications of these receptions, please fill out the alumni update form. Alumni Update Form Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in