Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home News & Events Learn about the work done by faculty and students in the School of City and Regional Planning. Take a look at the recent happenings and consider joining us for the forthcoming events! Hiring Begins for Entrepreneurship Study The first research assistant has joined the interdisciplinary team studying the relationship between merit scholarships and entrepreneurship careers. This marks the very first step of a three-year collaboration between Georgia Tech's School of City and Regional Planning (SCaRP), the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business, and Georgia State University's Andrew Young School of Policy Studies. Read the full story Georgia Tech Celebrates Global Development Week Georgia Tech is celebrating Global Development Week this year with a week-long series of events in connection with the launch of Georgia Tech’s new Master of Science in Global Development, a degree dedicated to educating the next generation of global development leaders. Read the full announcement Georgia Tech Plans Tokyo Redesign Using Social Data Students in the Tokyo Smart City studio, of the Eco Urban Lab, are changing the way we plan cities. Using machine learning techniques on data from smartphones, GPS, and Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices, students develop proposals based on measured human experience. Read the Full Story GIS Study Reveals: Poorly-built Cities Strain Romance Clio Andris and her team use maps to study how relationships are situated in cities: whether people live near each other, whether it is easy for them to see each other, and what kinds of activities and amenities they can easily access. She recently realized city layouts (where the buildings are, how public transportation works, even where sidewalks are placed) affect romantic couples. Read the Full Story Meet the Inaugural EJID Fellowship Recipients In 2020 the School of City & Regional Planning reissued a statement committing to justice and inclusive communities. Attached to the statement was an action plan setting out a list of goals and clearly defined plans to pursue the advancement of social and racial justice. The Equity, Justice, and Inclusive Design Fellowship campaign launched in November 2020 to meet one of these goals. MCRP students Ethan Knight-Scott and Madison Davis were the inaugural recipients. They reflect on the impact of the fellowship and their future goals in a conversation with the School. Read the full story. Paige Clayton Publishes Two New Papers Assistant Professor Paige Clayton recently published two new papers. One article, "Academic Teams and Commercialization in the Life Sciences," was published in the journal Frontiers in Research Metrics and Analytics. Her collaborative research considers how academics form teams to start new companies and the implications of various configurations on firm behavior with regards to patenting, survival and firm growth. Her other article, "Dissecting diffusion: Tracing the plurality of factors that shape knowledge diffusion," was published in the journal Research Policy. It explores how organizational origin, licensing strategy, complementary assets, industry stage, and early social networks play a role in shaping the knowledge diffusion of two comparable, foundational biotechnology inventions – recombinant DNA (rDNA) and polymerase chain reaction (PCR). Frontiers article. Research Policy article. Faculty and Students Present at 2021 ACSP Conference Seven of our PhD students and seven of our faculty have presentations at the 2021 Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning Conference. A special congratulations to Florina Dutt and Subhro Guhathakurta for winning the ACSP Annual Conference Best Poster Award for the second year in a row! Their winning poster was titled: "Does Access to Diverse Urban Facilities Reduce Stress Amongst Urbanites? An Assessment Mining Social Media Microblogs and Points of Interest." See the list of presentations! Check out the poster. Gulsah Akar Appointed City and Regional Planning Chair The College of Design is proud to announce Gulsah Akar’s appointment as chair of the School of City and Regional Planning, effective July 1, 2021. “Dr. Akar has established herself as a thought leader in urban transportation planning,” said Steven P. French, the dean and John Portman Chair of the College of Design. “She is the editor of the Journal of Planning Literature, one of the top three urban planning journals in the United States. She serves on two Transportation Research Board committees and is a manuscript reviewer for all the major transportation journals.” Read the Announcement Design Faculty on Two NSF Civic Innovation Challenge Awards Two of the 17 NSF Civic Innovation Challenge Awards (narrowed down from 52), include College of Design faculty. Their interdisciplinary work provides community-based solutions to mobility issues and disaster resilience. Subhro Guhathakurta and Kari Watkins are on the Piloting On-Demand Multimodal Transit in Atlanta project. This project aims to synchronize on-demand shuttle services with Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) services and real-time feeds, and deploy these services in targeted transit deserts. Nisha Botchwey is on the Visualizing Resilience: BIPOC Youth Advocacy Through Mapmaking project. This project will deliver a curriculum to support youth advocacy for infrastructure projects in their communities. Piloting On-Demand Multimodal Transit in Atlanta BIPOC Youth Advocacy through Mapmaking New Master of Science in Urban Analytics Launches Fall 2021 The Georgia Tech College of Design is proud to announce its newest interdisciplinary degree, the Master of Science in Urban Analytics (MSUA). The School of City and Regional Planning will administer the degree in partnership with the H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISyE), School of Computational Science and Engineering (CSE), and School of Interactive Computing (IC). Read the Full Story Apply Linking Transportation, Housing, & Health in Infrastructure Catherine Ross Tells U.S. House of Representatives Subcommittee How to Redesign Ross discussed central issues about transportation and equity in an engaging conversation with members of the House Committee on Appropriations Transportation, and Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Read the full story. Brian Stone Publishes New Research on Electric Grid Failure The New York Times covered new research from Brian Stone on combined heat waves and power outages. Stone's research was published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology and is the result of a five year study of heat risk during critical infrastructure failures. The study finds that millions of residents across large U.S. cities are at risk of heat illness or death from a concurrent heat wave and blackout event. It also finds that major blackouts have increased by more than 60% over the last five years in the U.S. Read the Full NYT Article Read the EST Journal Article Student Planning Association Wins Top Award Georgia Tech’s Student Planning Association (SPA) won the American Planning Association’s (APA) 2021 Outstanding Planning Student Organization (PSO) Award. The Outstanding PSO Award recognizes one PSO each year for its extraordinary efforts. Read the full story. More News Mike Dobbins Speaks Out in Saporta Report Dobbins discussed the Comprehensive Development Plan and its implications for housing affordability. Urban Analytics Degree Featured on GPB Radio Guhathakurta spoke about the program and its goal of training cities' future problem solvers. Ross Reappointed Regents Professor The Board of Regents (BOR) appointed 12 Georgia Tech faculty members to Regents Professors. Perry Yang Delivers Keynote Address Yang delivered the keynote address at the CUE2021 Applied Energy Symposium. Our Experts: Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement Catherine Ross and Baabak Ashuri weigh in on the bill going before Congress. Clio Andris Selected for NSF CAREER Award Assistant Professor Clio Andris was chosen to receive the NSF CAREER Award. Partnership Launches Atlanta Eviction Tracker Several partnering organizations in Atlanta came together to create a database of eviction filings. Home for the Holidays There’s a tool that can help estimate the potential risk of exposure involved with a trip home for a turkey dinner. Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in