Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Get a Closer Look Get a Closer Look It's especially helpful for prospective students and applicants to dive deeper and get to know our School and programs outside of our website. Joining an information session or attending an open house means you can meet our faculty, staff, and current students. There is no better way to get an idea of what it's like to be a student here at the School of City & Regional Planning! Student Life Admissions How to Learn More Every application cycle we host a series of information sessions for prospective master and doctoral students. Our annual Spring Open House for Admitted Students takes place every spring, and we encourage accepted students to join us for the day. If you are unable to attend a virtual information session or Fall Open House, and cannot find an answer to your specific question online, we recommend reaching out to our office. The City & Regional Planning Offices are located in the East Architecture Building, Suite 204. The main Architecture buildings are located in the heart of the Georgia Tech campus. The two-story brick East Architecture Building is the first academic building west of the fraternities on the north side of Fourth Street. School of City and Regional Planning 245 Fourth St. NW Suite 204 Atlanta, GA 30332-0155 Contact Us Want to know more right now? Join MCRP Program Director Michael Elliott as he walks you through his virtual session about why you should study planning here at Georgia Tech. Michael Elliott describes several Georgia Tech alumni and how their planning work impacts Atlanta to this day. View the Why Planning? virtual information session Driving Directions From east or west of Atlanta: Take I-20 into Atlanta, then take Interstate 75/85 North and follow directions below for "From south of Atlanta" From south of Atlanta and Atlanta Airport: Take Interstate 85/75 north to exit 250, Tenth St. toward Georgia Tech/Fourteenth St. Turn left on 10th St. Travel .2 miles and turn left on Fowler St. Travel .4 miles and turn right on Fourth St. Travel .1 miles and the East and West Architecture Buildings (the College of Design's home buildings) will be on your right. From north of Atlanta: Take Interstate 75/85 south to exit 249D, toward Georgia Tech/US-78/US-278/North Ave. Turn right onto North Ave. Travel less than .1 miles and turn right on Techwood Dr. Travel .3 miles and turn left on Fourth St. Travel .2 miles and the East and West Architecture Buildings will be on your right. Visitor Parking A parking deck, attached to the Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center, offers easy and convenient parking. It's accessible from Spring Street, and hourly rates are from $3 (for less than an hour) to $18 for the day. The parking garage address is 770 Spring St. NW, Atlanta, GA 30308-1031. Additional Visitor Parking Walking Directions from Tech Square From the intersection of Spring Street and Fifth Street Walk west over the Fifth Street Bridge toward main campus. Turn left at the second stoplight onto Fowler Street. Turn right at the stop sign onto Fourth Street. The East Architecture Building is at 245 Fourth Street, located on the right as Fourth Street comes to a dead end. Taking MARTA to Georgia Tech The Tech Trolley is available from the Midtown MARTA (Atlanta's rapid rail system) station to various points on campus. The North Avenue MARTA stop is located at the south end of campus. Exit the station onto North Ave and turn right to cross the connector and enter campus. Tech Trolley Routes MARTA Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in