Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of the President Main navigation Home About the Office About the Office Advisory Board History of Georgia Tech Presidents Institutional Ethics Organizational Chart President's Cabinet President's Staff Strategic Plan Sustainable Development Goals Vision, Values, and Beliefs About President Cabrera Biography and Headshot Publications and Speeches All Blog Conversations with Cabrera Newsletter President's Report Speeches Contact Us Contact Us Request an Appearance User account menu Strategic Plan Open Search Search Search In November 2020, Georgia Tech launched a new strategic plan. L.O.V.E. GT is bringing the Tech community's values to life in tangible ways, helping us fulfill the objectives set forth in the strategic plan. Explore how we are living our values every day. Vision 2030: Inclusive Innovation for a Better Future Over the next decade, Georgia Tech will be an example of inclusive innovation, a leading technological, research university relentlessly committed to serving the public good, breaking new ground in addressing the biggest local, national, and global challenges of our time, making technology broadly accessible, and developing exceptional leaders from all backgrounds ready to produce novel ideas and create solutions with real human impact. We will deliver on this vision by building an exceptional and diverse community of learning, discovery, and creation in an inclusive and collaborative environment focused on innovation and access. We will develop healthy and vibrant learning environments that support holistic learning and personal growth. We will be leaders in educational innovation and develop a global learning platform of unmatched impact and scale to support learners throughout their life journeys. We will challenge ourselves to push the boundaries of research while focusing on the most consequential questions and problems faced by humanity. And, we will act as a creative engine that will position our city and our state as examples of inclusive entrepreneurship and innovation. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) Values and Beliefs To realize this vision, Georgia Tech is committed to a new set of foundational principles. Blank Space (small) (text and background only visible when logged in) We strive for excellence. We strive to be among the best at what we do and set high expectations for each of us individually and for our community as a whole. The expectation of excellence, which is instrumental in our ability to have a meaningful impact in the world, extends to our teaching, our research and creative endeavors, our athletic programs, and our operations. Students are our top priority. We are educators first and foremost. We are committed to developing leaders who advance technology and improve the human condition. We consider research and creativity as part of that educational mission. We measure our success by the impact our graduates have in improving the lives of others. We thrive on diversity. We see diversity of backgrounds and perspectives as essential to learning, discovery and creation. We strive to remove barriers of access and to build an inclusive community where people of all backgrounds have the opportunity to learn and contribute to our mission. We celebrate collaboration. We enable and celebrate collaboration across disciplines and perspectives, between units and departments, and with other organizations at home and around the world. We value the contributions of all members of our community, promote civil and respectful discourse, and help one another succeed. We champion innovation. We inspire, empower, and provide the resources and environment for innovative ideas to flourish. We welcome new concepts and approaches that lead to creative ideas and solutions. We safeguard freedom of inquiry and expression. We protect the freedom of all members of our community to ask questions, seek truth, and express their views. We cherish diversity of ideas as necessary conditions for learning, discovery, scholarship, and creativity. We nurture the well-being of our community. We strive to build a healthy and vibrant environment that helps our students and every member of our community to grow holistically and develop the self-awareness, knowledge, and practices necessary to pursue healthy, purposeful, fulfilling lives. We act ethically. We hold one another to the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct. We are transparent and accountable, and strive to earn and maintain the public trust. We are responsible stewards. We are careful stewards of the resources we are entrusted with and strive to be an example of sustainability, efficiency, respect, and responsibility. Carnegie Building Georgia Institute of Technology 223 Uncle Heinie Way, N.W. Atlanta, GA 30332-0325 (404) 894-5051 Carnegie Building Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education