Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Student Engagement and Well-Being Main navigation About About the Vice President Mission & Vision Hours of Operation Organizational Chart SEWB News Videos of the Vice President Student Services and Support Campus Life Diversity and Inclusion Engagement Activities & Community Health, Wellness & Recreation Leadership Opportunities Student Advocacy & Responsibilities Student Resource Guide Students' Right to Know Campus Services Student Life Strategic Initiatives Action Strategies to Support the GT Strategic Plan Cultivate Well-Being Action & Transformation Roadmap Open Search Search Search Home Health, Wellness & Recreation Engagement, Activities & Community Student Advocacy & Responsibilities Leadership Opportunities Diversity and Inclusion Campus Life Conversations with Cabrera – Dr. Luoluo Hong With three decades as a student affairs professional, Luoluo Hong’s commitment to Tech students, their success, and their well-being is profound — and personal. VP's Student Communications Seasons Greetings! Seasons Greetings from the Vice President for Student Engagement & Well-Being! Dec 15, 2022 VP@SEWB Newsletter: Giving Thanks All Year Long As the Winter 2022 holiday season approaches, I want to acknowledge that the Yellow Jacket community comprises individuals of many faiths and expressions of spirituality. As such, we each may celebrate different holidays (or none at all) at this time of year, as well as do so in ways that honor our traditions, cultures and beliefs. However, the practice of gratitude can be a common theme for all. Nov 22, 2022 VP Newsletter: Happy Halloween! Happy All Hallow’s Eve!!! Not sure how you plan to celebrate Halloween but this is one of my favorite holidays. I love seeing all the costumes and relish the sense of mystery and mischief that is associated with this day. Regardless of how you observe Halloween, I hope you will take steps to ensure your personal safety and that of others by engaging in low-risk drinking or drugging (or refraining altogether) and keeping an eye on friends. Oct 30, 2022 Campus Services Campus Services facilitates the creation of a vibrant learn, live, work, play community and enhances the quality of campus life for students, faculty, staff and guests through the delivery of extraordinary services, programs and facilities. Learn More Student Life Student Life prepares students for their future by fostering learning beyond the classroom through innovative and transformative experiences. Programs and services focus on student transition, learning, leadership, wellness and success, as well as student and parent engagement. Learn More Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN