Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation News Center Main navigation Calendar Categories Business and Economic Development Campus and Community Earth and Environment Health and Medicine Science and Technology Society and Culture Media Contacts Experts Guide Featured expert Find an expert Daily Digest Whistle Whistle Whistle archives Whistle classifieds Social Media Subscribe Features Features Features Archive Open Search Search Search Breadcrumb Home Features Victor Rogers October 20, 2022 Celebrating 70 Years of Women at Tech It’s hard to imagine Georgia Tech without female students, faculty, staff, and administrators. More women engineers graduate from Georgia Tech than any other program in the nation. The Institute is at a record high enrollment overall, and 40% of the undergraduates are female. The first-year class for 2022 is 42% women. But during Tech’s first 67 years, women were not allowed in full-time programs. This year marks the 70th anniversary of women enrolling at Georgia Tech.  When the Georgia School of Technology opened in 1888, it offered an industrial and technical education exclusively for men. As the years passed and the school grew, women began filling professional and clerical roles in the library and campus offices. Women were admitted to Tech’s Evening School of Commerce in 1913 and to the Evening School of Applied Sciences in 1920. Ella Van Leer The first woman to graduate from a Georgia Tech program was Annie Teitlebaum Wise, a night school student who earned a degree from the School of Commerce in 1919. Tech’s fifth president, Blake Van Leer, and his family shared a commitment to engineering education for women. His wife, Ella Wall Van Leer, was a graduate of the School of Architecture at the University of California. His daughter, Maryly, earned a chemical engineering degree from Vanderbilt University. Dorothy Murray Crosland Van Leer enlisted the help of Georgia Tech’s library director, Dorothy Murray Crosland. She had been Tech’s librarian for 20 years and wielded personal influence with several of the Regents and others in the community. Crosland and Ella Van Leer worked for three years to mobilize support for coeducation from local women’s groups, and the Women’s Chamber of Commerce in Atlanta formally petitioned the Board of Regents. Tech’s student council had adopted a resolution favoring the admission of women, and the faculty and administration also supported it. On April 9, 1952, the Regents voted to admit women on a full-time basis by a vote of 7 to 5. That same year, Elizabeth Herndon and Barbara Diane Michel became the first full-time women students at Georgia Tech. Today, the firsts continue for women at Tech. Last year Ellen Bassett was the first woman to be named dean of the College of Design. And this year Marilyn Brown became the first woman to receive the Class of 1934 Distinguished Professor Award, the highest honor given to a Georgia Tech professor. To mark the 70th anniversary milestone, we asked some of the women who have contributed to Georgia Tech’s growth in leadership, research, and teaching to share thoughts on their early days at Tech, their proudest achievements, changes they would like to see, and advice for the next generation. Here are their stories. Pearl Alexander Executive director, Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement in Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Terry Blum Tedd Munchak Chair in Entrepreneurship, Scheller College of Business Faculty director, Institute for Leadership and Social Impact ADVANCE Professor Carol Colatrella Professor, School of Literature, Media, and Communication Co-director, Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology Melanie DeMaeyer Director, Women’s Resource Center, and assistant dean of students, Student Engagement and Well-Being Jennifer Herazy Associate vice president for Administration and Strategy, Office of the Provost and Office of the Executive Vice President for Research Abi Ivemeyer Graduate of Tech’s joint B.S./M.S. program with degrees in electrical engineering and a focus in power and energy systems, Spring 2021 and Spring 2022 Transmission planning engineer, Southern Company Mary Lynn Realff Associate chair for Undergraduate Programs, School of Materials Science and Engineering Co-director, Center for Women, Science, and Technology Director, Effective Team Dynamics Initiative Catherine Ross Harry West Professor of City and Regional Planning, College of Design Leslie Sharp Dean of Libraries Marilyn Smith Professor, Daniel Guggenheim School of Aerospace Engineering Director, Vertical Lift Research Center of Excellence Grace Swift Economics and international affairs major Vice president, Student Government Association To read more about women at Tech, check out these features: Title IX Turns 50 Echoes of Each Other Breaking the Glass Ceiling Credits Writing: Victor Rogers Editing: Kelly Adams, Stacy Braukman Design: Katya Kouznetsova Photography: Georgia Tech Library Archives and personal collections of interviewees Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices and Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GT visitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel and Conference Center Barnes and Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites and Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Europe Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student and Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Commencement Library Student Engagement & Well-Being Students' Right to Know Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Engagement & Well-Being Dean of Students Office Scholarships and Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, and Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising and Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Institute Relations Professional Education