Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Prospective Students Prospective Students The Georgia Tech School of City and Regional Planning offers one of the finest city and regional planning educations in the nation. Planetizen named Tech’s MCRP program tenth in the nation in 2019. Our School offers the Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning, the Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP) and the Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology (MS-GIST). MCRP students have several dual degree options combining this degree with the Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology, the Master of Architecture, the Master of Science in Civil Engineering, the Master of Science in Public Policy or the Juris Doctor degrees. Admissions Checklist Plan a Visit Join Our Prospective Student Email List Interested in learning more about the School of City & Regional Planning? Want to hear about our upcoming information sessions? Do you need a reminder to start on your application as deadlines approach? Sign up here to join our mailing list of interested students! Sign up here! Planning at Georgia Tech Planners help the people who live in cities and regions to imagine better futures for themselves and to make those futures happen. With a technology based approach, we teach you to craft processes and design places that lead to better communities. Students take full advantage of the academic, social, and professional development resources here at Tech. The Institute's many research centers provide outstanding opportunities for in-depth research during graduate studies. The Student Planning Association (SPA) organizes a variety of social, academic, and community outreach events to enhance students' personal, educational, and professional development. Our 1,400+ alumni share aspirations and a common past that draw them to each other and keep them regularly involved with SPA and school events. Student Life Student Research & Work Where better to study planning than at Georgia Tech? Academics Learn more about our academic programs and requirements. Admissions Checklist Familiarize yourself with our application process and admissions requirements. Apply Now Ready to go? Get comfortable and complete your application today! Financial Aid Take a look at the opportunities available to Georgia Tech and SCaRP students. Student Life Learn about why studying at Georgia Tech is more than just getting a degree. Plan a Visit Like what you see online? Come visit us and see the School for yourself. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in