Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Professor Continues Retrofitting Suburbia Research Professor Dunham-Jones Continues Retrofitting Suburbia Research with New Book March 2, 2021 | Atlanta, GA Ellen Dunham-Jones, professor and director of the urban design program at Georgia Tech, and June Williamson, Chair and associate professor at the City College of New York Bernard & Anne Spitzer School of Architecture, have spent years researching the challenges faced by suburbs and future of dying malls around the U.S. Their first book, Retrofitting Suburbia: Urban Design Solutions for Redesigning Suburbs, was published in 2009, and on January 20, 2021, Dunham-Jones and Williamson announced the publication of the newest book in their Retrofitting Suburbia series, Case Studies in Retrofitting Suburbia: Urban Design Strategies for Urgent Challenges. "Our ambition [in writing this book] was to engage with a larger, continuing set of challenges, given that suburbia is the United States," said Williamson in a recent article in The New York Times. "Suburbs are us. They're where the majority of people work, where they live." Case Studies in Retrofitting Suburbia details six challenges currently facing our communities—improving public health, increasing resilience to climate change, leveraging social capital for equity, providing support to an aging society, competing for jobs, and challenging automobile dependence. "There's surprisingly little written that's useful to aging suburban communities coping with how to evolve. And the literature is often removed from what the suburbs actually are," says Dunham-Jones. "It's stuck in this old trope of suburbs versus city, when really it's not a question of whether suburbs will stay the same or will be turned into something else. Change is occurring anyway." Read the full press release here. Read Case Studies in Retrofitting Suburbia Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in