About What We DoWho We AreWhat is Placemaking?Contact UsDonate Our Work Products & ServicesGrantsPartnershipsTrainingsProjectsServicesPublications ProgramsPlacemakingMarket CitiesEventsBlogSubscribe Close Menu Menu Close Search Cancel Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Partner with Us View our work News & Highlights 11th International Public Markets Conference For over 30 years, the International Public Markets Conference has brought together market leaders and strategic partners from around the globe. Early rate registration opens Friday, Feb 17th! Learn More Community Placemaking Grants Our grants program enable local partners to transform underperforming public spaces and co-create new ones that serve historically marginalized communities. Learn More Master's Program in Urban Placemaking and Management Learn an integrated approach to public space design, programming, and management through Pratt Institute's Graduate Center for Planning and the Environment. Learn More Our Top 5 Articles of 2022 Our top five articles of 2022 reflect some of Project for Public Spaces’ key achievements this year and highlight a deepening interest in the concept of the "15-minute city" in response to the uncertain future of downtowns. Learn More How to Turn a Place Around A Placemaking Handbook Now available for purchase through Indiebound.org, in support of your local bookstore, and internationally through Amazon. Learn More Places with Purpose: Achieving Social Impact in Public Space Webinar: April 4, 2022 Join us to learn about how and why companies, foundations, and philanthropists are turning to public space to achieve their social impact goals. Learn More Market Cities Program Working in partnership with HealthBridge Foundation of Canada and Slow Food International, the Market Cities Initiative aims to accelerate the adoption of regional policy, governance, and investment strategies to help entire public market networks thrive. Learn More Walk/Bike/Places: Learn more and register! The premier conference in North America for walking, bicycling, and placemaking professionals from the public and private sectors. Learn More Now Hiring! Finance & Operations Manager Project for Public Spaces is inviting applications for a full-time Finance & Operations Manager to join our remote team. Learn More Programs Placemaking Imagine a world where everyone has the opportunity to shape public space. Learn More Public Markets Cultivating hubs of health, community, and opportunity. Learn More Articles More Articles What is Placemaking? What Makes a Successful Place? December 28, 2022 Our Top 5 Articles of 2022 August 5, 2022 New York’s Most Exciting New Public Space is a Street in Queens July 24, 2022 Toronto Selected to Host the 11th International Public Markets Conference in 2023 March 27, 2022 Announcing New Co-Executive Directors Kelly Verel & Nate Storring More Articles Stay Connected Our biweekly newsletter offers placemaking news, opportunities, and more. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Support Our Work Together we can create a world of community-powered public spaces. Donate Contact UsPrivacy Policy © 1975 - 2020 Project for Public Spaces Made By All. Used By All.