Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Partners > Partner with AIAS Partner with AIAS <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> Having trouble viewing this? Download the Partnership Guide here. AIAS Partnership Request Form Name* First Last Email* Company* Industry* How would you like to partner with us?* Budget* 0-$500$500-$2,500$2,500-$5,000$5,000+ Platinum, Gold, Silver Partnerships A partnership with the AIAS is an agreement that highlights and recognizes the work that your organization is doing within our profession. www.aias.org/partners AIAS FORUM AIAS FORUM is the signature architecture and design conference of the AIAS, and is also the annual business meeting of the Council of Presidents. Held over New Year’s, the conference annually brings 700 students together from around the country. www.aias.org/pnw AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference For more than 30 years the AIAS has been preparing future leaders in architecture through our AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference. Typically held in July, this conference brings in 250 student leaders from around the country. www.aias.org/gr18 In Studio Portfolio The AIAS is looking for members to showcase their portfolios and to provide inspiration for those looking to enhance their own professional portfolios. This competition is open to all years and skill sets – but focuses on students who are ready to apply for graduate school or who are looking for a summer internship or full-time position. www.aias.org/portfolio In Studio Model The AIAS is looking for members to share their models to showcase the work our members do and to provide inspiration for those looking to enhance their skill sets. This competition is open to all years and skill sets – show us what you’ve got! www.aias.org/model In Studio Photo The AIAS is looking for members to share their photography and to provide inspiration for those looking to enhance their skill sets. This competition is open to all years and skill sets – show us what you’ve got! www.aias.org/photo CRIT Live CRIT LIVE is the fall research symposium of the AIAS and aims to provide a platform for AIAS members to present research projects to their peers and to train members in best practices related to funding, conducting, and presenting research. www.aias.org/critlive THRIVE: A Career Prep Program THRIVE is a four-part series of educational sessions and networking events for members that will cover tips and tricks for thriving in the profession. www.aias.org/thrive I Want to Work In A career feature that highlights recent graduates and architects who are living and working in towns and cities around the world. www.aias.org/iwtwi Design Alliance | Collegiate Associate Build awareness of your firm (DA) and your graduate programs (CA) to thousands of architecture and design students, offering year-round promotional opportunities for your firm and school. The AIAS also partners with Multiview for website banner ads and weekly newsletter advertising. Multiview Media Kit. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings