Skip to content Main Menu ABOUT EVENTS RESOURCES CONTACT DONATEDONATE PORTSMOUTH SMART GROWTH Innovative ideas for a vibrant community. VIEW EVENTS ABOUT US We believe in the future of Portsmouth Portsmouth Smart Growth volunteer-run non-profit that promotes innovative ideas for a vibrant community in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. We believe in the principles of smart growth that offer a guide to help build cities, towns, and neighborhoods that are economically prosperous, socially equitable, and environmentally sustainable. Our hope is to bring together key municipal and government stakeholders, Portsmouth residents and the business community to help establish a long-term vision for our community. ABOUT US OUR AIM IS TO EDUCATE AND SPARK DISCUSSION WHAT IS SMART GROWTH? We believe cities that plan for walkability, community spaces, and alternative modes of transportation are better suited for economical and environmental sustainability. WHAT MAKES A STRONG TOWN? Rather than spending millions on expanding highways and adding more traffic to our roads, we could focus on the existing infrastructure, take small incremental steps to update and add to our communities, and encourage alternative modes of transportation. HOUSING IS AFFORDABLE WHEN SUPPLY MATCHES DEMAND Simple economics tells us that when supply is unable to meet demand, prices will rise. But sprawl is not the only way to add houses to a city. Building up, allowing accessory dwelling units, and other creative solutions can help all people afford homes. Growth is inevitable and desirable, but destruction of community character is not. The question is not whether your part of the world is going to change. The question is how. Edward T. McMahon TOPICS WE ARE PASSIONATE ABOUT TACTICAL URBANISM We can make small, low-cost changes to our community that can cause a lasting impact. Residents can take charge of making their neighborhoods safer, inviting of others, and more environmentally sustainable. PARKING Every city has a parking problem. But the problem is bigger than people struggling to find a spot or paying a meter. The cost of parking infrastructure and subsidies are not economically or environmentally sustainable. COMPLETE STREETS Cities that encourage walking and biking are healthier, physically and economically. Public transportation, when done right, reduces the need for single-occupancy vehicles, which improves traffic and parking woes. Interested in learning more about smart growth? VIEW RESOURCES ABOUT We are a group of citizens passionate about the future of Portsmouth. We are a volunteer-run 501c3 entity recognized by the state of New Hampshire. Though we accept sponsorships from a variety of entities, we are entirely independent and operated by our volunteer board members. EVENTS All our events are free and open to the public. We typically host three to four events per year. To learn more about past events and register for our upcoming event click the button below. VIEW EVENTS NEWSLETTER SIGN UP Leave this field empty if you're human: Copyright © 2023 Portsmouth Smart Growth Powered by Portsmouth Smart Growth