Skip to content Menu Menu Home About Mission Board Members Recommended Reading History Announcing Our New Website! January 15, 2022January 21, 2020 by michael Dear visitors, You have reached our archive website for the years 1985 to 2020, which is livablecities.org (no hyphen). The 2021 conference also had its own special website, livable-cities.or (with a hyphen). We are delighted to announce our NEW website that will be used for all conferences and other events starting with our 2022 conference … Read more Categories Uncategorized Happy New Year 2020! January 1, 2020 by michael Dear Colleagues, Best wishes for the New Year, from the staff and board of the IMCL! I wanted to give you a personal update on the expansion and growth of the IMCL, and especially our developing plans for the next big conference in June 2020… As you might know, the IMCL was founded in 1985 … Read more Categories Uncategorized The Death and Life of Great American…Suburbs? December 19, 2019 by suzanne Long considered beneath serious attention by design and planning elites, suburban settlements in the United States are emerging as key arenas to address crucial environmental, economic, and social issues. By: Michael Mehaffy Orenco Station Town Center in Hillsboro, Oregon The late New York Times architecture critic Herbert Muschamp was probably speaking for many architects and … Read more Categories Uncategorized Architecture Programs Need a Change: Put People First—Not Just ‘Art’ November 7, 2019 by suzanne Here is an essay on architectural education and the need for reform, written by a group of educators and practitioners including our own executive director, Michael Mehaffy: This essay responds to the British architecture schools’ “Open Letter to the Architectural Community: A Call for Curriculum Change.” Since educating architects is a global problem, the analysis … Read more Categories Uncategorized Remembering Suzanne Crowhurst Lennard January 15, 2022September 20, 2019 by michael It is with great sadness that we report the passing of our dear friend and collaborator Suzanne Crowhurst Lennard, at 3:15 AM on September 17, after a relatively short illness. The cause of livable and humane cities has lost a champion—but her work and legacy will go on, including the International Making Cities Livable conference … Read more Categories Uncategorized 56th IMCL Conference Workshops Summary July 1, 2019 by suzanne The Final Friday Workshop reviewed participants’ priorities as to how we should best take into account the needs of children, elders, and the poor as we make decisions about the built environment. This is the summary of the Final Workshop findings: TOP RECOMMENDATIONS! 1. How does the local government engage with the public? – we … Read more Categories Uncategorized A Successful IMCL Conference! July 1, 2019 by suzanne This was a very dynamic and lively conference! From the Workshops and Welcome Reception on Monday, the stimulating main plenary sessions and concurrent sessions with so many engaged participants, the conference luncheon and Awards Ceremony, to the Final Workshop and tour, the conference was a great success. Participants seem to have enjoyed the event and … Read more Categories Uncategorized A beautiful linear park through poor neighborhoods boosts health equity March 23, 2019 by Max Suanne H. Crowhurst Lennard Parque Oriental, a linear park currently in construction, is becoming a major contribution to health equity. Stretching 2.5 miles along a steep valley whose stream runs into the Douro River it borders some of the poorest neighborhoods in Porto, Portugal, and connects the neighborhoods with the business district along the river. … Read more Categories Uncategorized Porto: Reinvention of old slaughterhouse as center of neighborhood social life, culture and innovation January 28, 2019 by Max Suzanne H. Crowhurst Lennard The Matadouro, Porto’s nineteenth century slaughterhouse, abandoned for 40 years, lies between the inner ring road east of the city and one of the poorest neighborhoods, Campanhã. It is a very large site, comprising 29,000 square meters, and encompassing 15 interconnected industrial buildings in the classical style. The Matadouro has been … Read more Categories Uncategorized Reclaiming Porto’s historic buildings for social housing December 3, 2018 by Max Suzanne H. Crowhurst Lennard “I cannot conceive of managing a city that is prosperous, but only for some. I pledged that I would govern in an inclusive manner.” Mayor Rui Moreira Since his election in 2013 Mayor Rui Moreira has enacted numerous major programs to achieve health and inclusivity for all Porto citizens. This article … Read more Categories Uncategorized Older posts Page1 Page2 … Page29 Next → Search Search Recent Posts Announcing Our New Website! Happy New Year 2020! The Death and Life of Great American…Suburbs? Architecture Programs Need a Change: Put People First—Not Just ‘Art’ Remembering Suzanne Crowhurst Lennard Recent Comments No comments to show. © 2023 International Making Cities Livable • Built with GeneratePress