Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image GT Computing Community The College of Computing’s community recognizes that each student is an individual; that all of our students are creative; that all of our students need to succeed. Therefore, the College of Computing community respects the individual needs of our students, while fostering a caring and creative environment that emphasizes the social, emotional, physical, intellectual development of all students. The Office of Outreach, Enrollment, and Community is poised to present another semester of awesome activities and endeavors for the 3,000 plus students that we serve. These programs are designed to complement the academic development that you’ll receive in the classroom. We are better equipped to serve you as we’ve acquired new tools during over COVID 19 experience. It’s also our sincere hope that your respective endeavors have an even bigger impact in the field on computing. Life at the College of Computing isn’t just academic, professional, or social and Georgia Tech offers a wide variety of ways to get involved and find your path. The College of Computing faculty and staff will walk with you from the first day of college through your graduation from Georgia Tech. We provide a community-minded atmosphere, where students can step in and out of offices for advice, ask a question, or just to hang out. Be sure to also follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more fun content! YouTube is our main platform to share our resources across the College of Computing community. We post content that we hope you’ll find useful, whether it be a past yoga session, a quarantine edition of healthy eating, or shared experiences by students, for students. Visit our YouTube Channel Community The GT Computing Community Office of Outreach, Enrollment & Community Student Organizations Career Development Internships & Co-Ops Career Fairs Startups & Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Tutoring Assistance Community Outreach Career Services Career Services for OMSCS GT Community Resources Pet Therapy Pet Therapy Interacting with dogs is a great way to cope with the stress that comes with being a college student. To give our students and staff a fun way to relax, we bring dogs to the College of Computing twice a semester for people to pet and cuddle. Pet therapy is also great for cardiovascular assistance and has calming effects. Coaching Coaching Leveraging our strengths is something we don’t do enough. Many students deal with imposter syndrome, feelings of doubt and belonging, when they step foot onto Tech’s campus. We work with you to help you take control of your academic, personal, and career path and realize your full potential. Impact Program Impact Program The Impact through Science, Technology, and Social Good or Impact Living-Learning Community (LLC) is a LLC and initiative open to all first-year students who are interested in exploring issues of diversity and social good, community engagement, and sustainability. Find out more GameFest E-Sports GameFest is another community-based initiative that’s gaining momentum in the college. We currently sponsor Gamefest LAN competitions twice a year in addition to sponsoring students that participate in competitions outside of the College of Computing. Please be on the lookout for upcoming announcements as it pertains to GameFest and initiatives! </div> Resiliency Testimonials Resiliency Testimonials Georgia Tech students juggle schoolwork, research, jobs, internship hunting, clubs, sports, and more at the same time. We are a group of students who have a huge work ethic, but sometimes it can be overwhelming. At the end of their four years, students graduate with a diverse and impressive set of experiences that they can pass down to future students. We are interested in creating a collection of resiliency stories that could help others see past the tumulus work of the day or week – that the grass is indeed greener on the other side. If interested, please email Troy Peace at tpeace9@cc.gatech.edu Self-Care Self-Care We are firm believers in taking care of ourselves here in the college. In order for you to begin interacting with others and making a difference, it is imperative that show yourself the attention that you deserve. We host a series of events that promote self-care in Klaus Atrium throughout the year where you can drop in, chat and relax with us, and grabs some snacks for the road! Nutrition Nutrition Nutrition is an essential part of success for every student. Programs exist throughout every semester to give students advice and recommendations on how to eat healthy on a budget. The CoC partners with Health Initiatives at STAMPS to discuss these topics. Whether you are cooking for the first time or are a seasoned chef, there is always something new to learn. Mental Health and Wellness Mental Health and Wellness Mental health is and remains a priority in the College of Computing, especially during this time. We have our in-house counselor Scott LaSalle located on the first floor of the College of Computing building. We also plan workshops and partner with Stamps Health Services to provide a safe space and facilitate the tough conversations around mental health. Finally, we believe that meditation is an excellent way to escape the hectic life of a Tech student. Join us for meditations to reduce stress, control anxiety, and enhance self-awareness Transfer Chats Transfer Chats The transfer chats are a way for new and old transfers to engage with the community staff and other transfers in a way they might not have known. It is easy for many transfer students to miss a lot of the opportunities that are offered to them in the CoC and these discussions help to teach them the serves available as well as for them to get their voices heard by staff and discuss what things they want to see offered in the current semester and beyond. Community Podcast Community Podcast The community podcast is a biweekly discussion with members of the Georgia Tech CoC community where individuals have an opportunity to tell their stories and speak about their experiences at Georgia Tech. Although the format is similar, the responses and stories from each person create a unique and human dialogue that serves to help those who sometimes feel isolated in difficult times. Episode 1: Cedric Stallworth Yoga Yoga College of Computing Yoga is a weekly aspect of the College of Computing Community. Each Friday we gather to unwind and decompress from the week’s activities. Classes are designed to be made for those who have a wide range of skill levels. Whether you have years of experience or no experience the hour-long practice will be time well spent. Connect with Computing Connect with Computing For updates and to get a further glimpse into our amazing community, follow GT Computing on social media! Twitter Instagram Facebook Email us at oec@cc.gatech.edu Community Workshops Time Management Mindfulness Resiliency Financial Literacy To Drop or Not to Drop Student Panels Mental Health Life Hacks Planning Exam Prep Finals Prep Other Community Events and Programs College of Computing Welcome Back Events College of Computing Tailgates Black History Month Women’s History Month Halloween Dress Up Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month The Dean’s Fish Fry Movie Nights CoC Golf Outing Hackathons Career Services Career Services Our robust career services department helps GT Computing students make the most of their Georgia Tech degree. From advising to resume polishing to salary negotiations, the team is here to help you thrive at Tech and beyond. Learn More Student Organizations Student Organizations GT Computing is filled with organizations supporting all kinds of interests. From social clubs to professional clubs, find a group to enhance your time here! Find the Student Organization for You Diversity Resources Diversity Resources GT Computing welcomes students from all backgrounds and experiences. We have many resources on campus to support you and help make Georgia Tech a place where you can thrive. Explore Available Diversity Resources Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…