Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join Posts Categorized: Membership November 2022 Committee Update Welcome back to our monthly committee updates! For those who are just now joining us, I will be posting updates from our committees at the beginning of each month to… Read more » THE AIAS IS PARTNERING WITH BETTERHELP! The AIAS is excited to announce a new partnership with BetterHelp! Through this new member benefit, AIAS members can receive up to 4 free therapy sessions from a licensed therapist,… Read more » December 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kevin Cuate Kevin Cuate is currently a third-year architecture student with a minor in construction management at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. Growing up, he always had an interest in design and… Read more » AIAS Giving Tuesday The AIAS is committed to support architecture students all across the globe through its programs and benefits, as well as the connections it fosters among students and between students and… Read more » October 2022 Committee Update Howdy folks! As President, I am responsible for the activities of the AIAS Committees and Task Forces. In the interest of increased visibility and transparency, I will be providing updates… Read more » November 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Mia Karim Mia Karim is currently pursuing her master’s degree in Architecture at the Holy Spirit University of Kaslik. She also recently earned certificates in jewelry design and project management. In 2020-2021,… Read more » Announcing the 2023 Quad Conferences! The AIAS is thrilled to announce the locations of the 2023 Quad Conferences! We will be holding four regional conferences across the US in the spring of 2023. Quad Conferences… Read more » October 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kitty Graham Kitty Graham, a junior pursuing a joint major in Philosophy and Religion with a minor in Architectural Studies at Emory University is our October Chapter Leader of the Month. Kitty… Read more » 2022 AIAS MEMBERSHIP SURVEY Thank you for being a part of the AIAS Family! The AIAS National Office and Board of Directors want to hear from you about your experience as an AIAS member…. Read more » September 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Brandon Sarrett Brandon Sarrett, a graduate of the University of Kentucky is our September Chapter Leader of the Month. Brandon received a bachelor of architecture in May of 2022! In his time… Read more » Call for AIAS 2022 Graduates Calling all Graduates for the Class of 2022! The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) wants to recognize our hardworking and deserving members graduating this year. We want to highlight… Read more » August 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Matthew Tepper Matthew Tepper, a Long Island, New York native and University of Virginia Architecture student minoring in Global Sustainability + Urban and Environmental Planning is our August Chapter Leader of the… Read more » ← Previous 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next → » 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings