Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Tutoring Assistance Are you having trouble with a particular CS class? Is a certain program giving you trouble? The College of Computing has gifted tutors on hand to help fellow students with troublesome courses and concepts. Need based tutoring in the following courses as resources permit: CS 1301 CS 1331 CS 1332 CS 2050 CS 2110 CS 2200 CS 3510 Math 3012 Other CS courses as resources allow Schedule a Tutoring Session Click here to learn how to set a tutoring appointment with a CoC tutor. When you are ready, you can visit this link to set a tutoring appointment. Please review the student expectations of tutoring before requesting a tutor. By requesting a tutor, you indicate that you have read, understand, and agree to abide by the student expectations of tutoring. Tutoring is a supplementary service in conjunction with other academic support options. Tutoring is not designed to replace Teacher's Aids or Recitation. Please use the CoC TA labs as well as other on campus resources in order to maximize your chances of success this semester. *Note: Questions, comments, and/or requests for tutors in courses not listed above can be sent to coctutoring@cc.gatech.edu. Apply to be a Tutor Thank you for your interest in tutoring for the college of computing! If you enjoy teaching others and are interested in becoming a College of Computing tutor, we are always looking for tutors to fill the demands for course help. Join our academic support team by filling out the Tutor Application form. Applicants who are selected for interview will exclusively be notified. Otherwise, your application will be retained for our records. You will have to apply for each respective semester you are interested in tutoring. Note: Graduate students cannot be undergraduate tutors. Request a tutor in the section above. Degree Programs menu Tuition & Financial Aid Degree Programs Distance Learning Dual Degree Option International Study College Advising Contact - Undergraduate Advisors Contact: advising@cc.gatech.edu Degree Programs - Academics Tuition and Financial Aid Distance Learning Dual Degree Option International Study College Advising Research Areas Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…