Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Moore Opportunity Scholarship Moore Opportunity Scholarship COVID-19 has upended our whole world in just a few weeks. As a result, many students and their families are feeling anxious and unsure as things evolve every day, and sometimes every hour. AIAS is committed to getting through this together. As a student-run organization, we feel the responsibility to support our students. Hence, we are excited to partner with Benjamin Moore in kicking off a COVID-19 relief scholarship for our students. We will give away $250 per semester to ten students totaling $5000 for the academic year. Our goal is to add more partners and increase funding for the scholarship and we may award more scholarships as more partners join. To learn more about what we’re doing to respond to the needs of our members, visit us here. Moore Opportunity Scholarship Benjamin Moore and the American Institute of Architecture Students partner together to create the Moore Opportunity Scholarship. This year, we aim to support students that have been impacted by Covid-19 and are now facing financial needs. Each semester, 10 students will be selected to receive a $250 scholarship that may be used toward educational expenses, supplies, or personal needs. Scholarship funds are disbursed at the beginning of each semester. Eligibility You must be an active AIAS member to participate. How to Enter Share a video answering the question “If you could change anything about the architecture profession, what would it be and why?” to your public Instagram account between December 21, 2020 to February 12, 2021 to enter for the scholarship Videos must be posted to your public Instagram account and tagged with #BenmoorewithAIAS, #AIAS Tag the AIAS National Office and Benjamin Moore on Instagram – @aiasorg @benjaminmoore Follow the AIAS National Office and Benjamin Moore on Instagram – @aiasorg @benjaminmoore Use the following hashtags: #BenmoorewithAIAS, #AIAS Deadline The deadline to apply for the Moore Opportunity Scholarship is Friday, February 12, 2021 at 11:59pm EST. Winners will be announced end of February 2021. All scholarship awards are based on availability and subject to change. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings