Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Career > Ask An Architect Volunteers Ask An Architect Volunteers Ask An Architect is a series created to empower the voices, ideas, and actions of professionals in our industry with a goal of promoting the AIAS mission to advance leadership, design, and service in architecture both academically and professionally. It’s an opportunity for AIAS alumni and professionals to have their efforts properly uplifted to an audience of growing and seasoned peers, and for current students and members to learn from people who were in their shoes only a short time ago. Architecture is an incredibly tough profession to find footing in. We’ve revamped Ask An Architect to showcase the careers of those who have grounded themselves as professionals despite the -isms that plague our industry, and to expand the definition of architecture beyond all limitations. Those who participate will be awarded a discount for an AIAS conference or AIAS Expo of their choice out of these options: – National Career Expo Winter 2023 – Midwest Quad Conference Spring 2023 – Northeast Quad Conference Spring 2023 – South Quad Conference Spring 2023 – West Quad Conference Spring 2023 – Grassroots National Conference Summer 2023 – FORUM National Conference Winter 2023/2024 If you’re interested in participating complete the form below! Ask An Architect Volunteers Name* Phone Number* Email* Past School* Graduation Year* Firm* Licensed* YesNo 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings