Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Buildings and Facilities College of Computing Building (CCB) Map and Directions to CCB | Visitor Parking information The CCB is home to the administrative offices for the College and the Institute for Robotics & Intelligent Machines (IRIM). The building also houses nine instructional classrooms and three computer labs. The labs are available to students taking a CS course requiring specialized resources. They provide over 30 seats to service CS courses that require special software or capabilities not readily available in the general clusters provided by OIT. The CCB provides meeting space for undergraduate and graduate student organizations and a spacious commons area. The common area has ample seating and computer networking which fosters both formal and informal learning opportunities and collaboration. A highly visible conference room is available to all faculty, staff, and students for conducting meetings with remote collaborators. The conference room is equipped with a Cisco TelePresence C40 system. A 2,000-square-foot data center provides over 500 kilowatts of power and cooling capacity for the College’s research and instructional computational servers. An advanced infrastructure providing 1 Gbps networking to all ports with a 10 Gbps uplink to the campus network as well as high-density 802.11n wireless networking support. Klaus Advanced Computing Building (KACB) Map and Directions to Klaus | Visitor Parking information The 414,000-square-foot Klaus Advanced Computing Building is located in the heart of the Georgia Tech campus. KACB is home to School of Computer Science, six research centers, and over 20 research labs spanning multiple research groups. The building also contains some of the most advanced computing labs and innovative educational technology in the world. There are 70 research laboratories, six instructional labs, and five large classrooms. The building contains open collaboration spaces, study lounges and graduate student offices, all with ample power and networking ports. There is a 200-seat auditorium and state of the art conference facilities that accommodate several of the College's special events, lectures and meetings. All conference rooms are equipped with projection technology, table networking and power. A highly visible conference room is available to all faculty, staff and students for conducting meetings with remote collaborators. It is equipped with a Polycom HDX 8000 video conferencing system A 500-square-foot data center in the building providing 80 kilowatts of power and cooling capacity for critical enterprise servers. The building's advanced infrastructure provides 1 Gpbs networking to all ports with a 10 Gbps uplink to the campus network as well as high-density 802.11n wireless networking support The KACB is LEED gold-certified, with environmentally friendly features such as: Creative use of the 6-acre urban campus site to preserve over 50 percent of the site as green space A stormwater collection system to provide water for irrigation Energy-efficient heating, cooling and lighting systems Extensive use of recyclable materials Interested in renting an event space in Klaus? Trying to find the right space for your event? Browse the different conference rooms and meeting spaces available in Klaus. ► Klaus Event Spaces Find rental forms, pricing, set-up instructions and more on our Klaus Events Spaces - FAQ page. Please contact kacb-building@gatech.edu with any questions not listed on this page. ► Klaus Event Spaces - FAQ's Technology Square Research Building (TSRB) Map and Directions to TSRB | Visitor Parking information Located in the innovative and pedestrian-friendly, mixed-use Technology Square district of Georgia Tech. Map and directions TSRB is home to the School of Interactive Computing, GVU Center, and over 15 College of Computing research labs spanning multiple research groups. The building also houses state of the art conference facilities that accommodate several of the College's special events, lectures and meetings. A 400-square-foot data center providing 100 kilowatts of power and cooling capacity for several research computational servers. The building's advanced infrastructure provides 1 Gbps networking to all ports with a 10 Gbps uplink to the campus network as well as high-density 802.11n wireless networking support. Coda Building Map and Directions to Coda | Visitor Parking information Coda serves as the pinnacle of innovation for Midtown Atlanta’s Tech Square. The facility combines creative workplace design with cutting-edge research labs, comfortable communal spaces, industry event space, as well as unique retail concepts and restaurants. Coda Community Support Services (CSS) The Coda Community Support Services Team provides operational support for the Coda Building and administrative support to academic and research neighborhoods within Coda. Our office is on 12th floor East, and we are open 8am-5pm. Need help? For general questions and requests, you can reach the CSS team 8am-5pm by phone (404-374-7378), email (codabuilding@gatech.edu), or in the 12th floor East CSS suite. Need a location for a meeting or event? We can also help with that! Please email codabuilding@gatech.edu to explore opportunities. The ServiceNow "Coda" tile has helpful articles, guides, and information in an easy to access format. It is also the easiest way to submit service or access requests. Please check it out! Portman Holdings provides onsite security 24/7. The security desk is located in the Lobby, and can be reached at (404) 920-2510. The Collective provides food and coffee options for Coda inhabitants and guests. A full list of vendors and menus is available online. Click here for more information. BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES SERVICES View all Building and Facilities services here. Research Research Centers Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Undergrad Research Facilities Questions? CCB Building Contact building@cc.gatech.edu KACB Building Contact kacb-building@cc.gatech.edu TSRB Building Contact tsrb-building@cc.gatech.edu Coda Building Contact codabuilding@gatech.edu Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…