Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Undergraduate FASET 2022 Curriculum CS Curriculum Overview: Go here for a comprehensive overview of the BSCS curriculum. CS Threads: Go here for a comprehensive overview of the BSCS thread options. CM Curriculum Overview: Go here for a comprehensive overview of the BSCM curriculum. Junior Design Capstone Options: Go here for a summary of all four Junior Design options for BSCM and BSCS. Area C Courses (Humanities): Go here for a list of courses that are humanities and will go in Area C of the core. Area D Courses (Lab Sciences): Go here for a list of courses that lab sciences and will go in Area D of the core. Area E Courses (Social Sciences); Go here for a list of courses that are social sceinces and will go in Area E of the core. Degreeworks: Go here to access the Degreeworks system which tracks courses completed and courses needed. Academic Advising CoC Advising Team: Go here for a list of undergraduate academic advisors in the College of Computing. Academic Policies: Go here for a summary of academic policies for BSCM and BSCS students. Registration How to Register: Go here for an overview of how to register for classes. Common Registration Error Messages: Go here for a list of common errors received during registration and an explanation of each. Holds: Go here for a summary of what holds mean and how to check them via Buzzport. Financial Responsiblity Hold: Go here for a summary of what this hold is and how to clear it. Waitlist: Go here for an explanation of the waitlist function and how to add yourself to a waitlist. Permits and Overloads: Go here for an explanation of permits and overloads and how to request them. Recitation FAQ: Go here for a list of frequently asked questions relating to recitations. Thread Declaration: Go here for a video tutorial on how to declare your threads. College of Computing Resources CoC Tutoring: Go here for tutoring housed in the College of Computing. CoC Student Orgs: Go here for a comprehensive list of student orgnizations in the College of Computing. CoC Career Services: Go here for a list of resources and events related to career development in the College of Computing. Campus Resources First-Year Move-in Resources: Go here for information on move-in weekend. GT Counseling Center: Go here for a summary of services provided at the GT Counseling Center. STAMPS Health Services: Go here for a summary of health services provided on campus. GT Career Center: Go here for a summary of services provided at the GT Career Center. Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid: Go here for a summary of services provided at the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid. Office of International Education: Go here for a summary of programs for study abroad and exchange. The Registrar's Office: Go here for a summary of services provided at The Registrar's Office. Center for Academic Success: Go here for tutoring, academic coaching, supplemental instruction and more. LGBTQIA Resource Center: Go here for a summary of resources available to the LGBTQIA community on campus. Women's Resource Center: Go here for a summary of resources available to women on campus. GT Research: Go here for a summary of GT research opportunities. Georgia Tech Coronavirus Resources Academic Continuity Resources Guidance for Graduate Education Hosting a Virtual Event Monitoring Coronavirus On Campus OneUSG Connect Training Online Partial Day Absence (How to Submit) Which GT services require VPN? Dean's Messages Tuesday, August 3, 2021 Thursday, July 29, 2021 Tuesday, July 27, 2021 Tuesday, July 20, 2021 Tuesday, July 13, 2021 Archive GT Computing Helping Stories School of CSE Celebrates 2022 with Fall Convocation Ceremonies Researchers Unleash 'Stanceosaurus' to Cross-culturally Combat Misinformation Meet CSE Profile: Professor Edmond Chow School Welcomes Four New Assistant Professors Ph.D. Student Developing Trust, Peace of Mind With Smart Webcam Cover Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…