Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Threads: A Better Way to Learn Computing Make your degree “you.” Traditionally, computer science students traverse two years of skill and knowledge development before they apply what they are learning to their own goals and career trajectory. With Threads, the revolutionary CS curriculum developed by the College of Computing, students combine regular computer science instruction with classes related to particular areas of application. Remote video URL The result is an intensely focused undergraduate program tailored to a student’s interests and real-world opportunities. Threads sets the standard for the future of computer science education in the United States. Threads allows you to create your own individual computing degree. The College currently defines requirements for eight threads as listed below. Follow each link to learn more about the thread, its requirements and the resources available to learn more about projects or programs related to that thread. Prospective Students Contact: prospectivestudent@cc.gatech.edu Who is your advisor? Contact: advising@cc.gatech.edu Devices Image Create devices embedded in physical objects that interact in the physical world. Learn more about the Devices thread Info Internetworks Image Represent, transform, transmit, and present information. Learn more about Information Internetworks Intelligence Image Build top-to-bottom models of rational agents and human-level intelligence. Learn more about the Intelligence thread Media Image Build systems to exploit computing’s abilities to provide creative outlets. Learn more about the Media thread Modeling & Simulation Image Represent natural and physical processes. Learn more about the Modeling & Simulation thread People Image Design, build, and evaluate systems that treat humans as the central component. Learn more about the People thread Systems & Architecture Image Create computer architectures, systems and languages. Learn more about the Systems & Architecture thread Theory Image Discover the theoretical foundations underlying a wide range of computing disciplines. Learn more about the Theory thread Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…