Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Contributors > Sara Taketatsu Sara Taketatsu Sara graduated from the University of Colorado Boulder with a Bachelors of Environmental Design before serving as the 2019-2020 AIAS West Quad Director and then as the 2020-2021 AIAS National Vice President. After serving as Vice President, Sara was hired as the Interim Director of Marketing and Membership. She is passionate about building community and advocating for architecture students. Sara also enjoys listening to podcasts almost as much as she enjoys baking giant batches of cinnamon rolls. Posts by Sara Taketatsu: Interview: What Returning to an In-Person Grassroots Means for the AIAS 100 Reasons to Attend Grassroots Re-Defining Who You’ll Meet at Grassroots Re-Membering: Why is Grassroots Good for Your Career? How Your Chapter Can Prepare and Re-Organize for Grassroots 2022! Revisiting the Legacy of AIAS Grassroots AIAS Announces 2021 Honor Award Winners Apply for the 2021 Honor Awards Support the Membership Grant Campaign Today! Chapter Promo Competition Winners Announced + Membership Month Recap Membership Month Alumni Highlights: Part 5 Membership Month Alumni Highlights: Part 4 Membership Month Alumni Highlights: Part 3 Membership Month Alumni Highlights: Part 2 Membership Month Alumni Highlights: Part 1 AIAS Alumni Mentorship Program Launch Welcome to Membership Month Fall 2020 Welcome to 2020-2021! 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings