Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > CRIT > CRIT Scholar CRIT Scholar CRIT Scholar is a research-based fellowship program funded by the AIA in partnership with several prominent architecture firms. The program aims to support student research and serves as an exclusive opportunity for students to receive further guidance in their own research. The long-term objective is to encourage students to be actively involved in furthering architectural innovation in support of the design profession through mentored research projects embedded in academia and practice. CRIT Scholar will be the third program included in the AIAS CRIT brand portfolio, alongside CRIT Journal and CRIT Live. The program is targeted towards students passionate about architectural research. Each CRIT Scholar will receive a $1,000 grant to fund their research. In addition, they will be personally matched with an architect advisor who is specialized in their topic area of research. Mentors will be from firms, such as Payette, HKS Architects, and Sasaki. Applicants do not need to have a completed project in order to apply and proposals in various stages of research will be reviewed. Those interested in applying must be an active AIAS member. DEADLINE TO APPLY: December 30th, 2022 Participant Value & Expectations Value to Students Direct mentorship from top research experts Direct funding ($1,000) to further research Opportunity to see how research can be applied in practice, beyond university Opportunity to publish and present research project/paper through multiple platforms — wide exposure Expectation of Student Hold first communication call in January Set up a calendar for regular communication with mentors and progress reports Meet sprint deadlines set by mentor Grant funding is allocated directly towards student research At the conclusion of the program, final research project/paper will be: published in AIAS CRIT Journal, published through AIA Research, presented by student at host firm, and presented by student at AIAS CRIT Live: Research Symposium *Disclaimer: Student retains all intellectual property rights and ownership to their research project/paper Mentor Value & Expectations Value to Firms & Mentors Opportunity to see the trends of research within universities Showcase the value of research in practice, and how it is applied to ongoing projects Interface with leading architecture students and research faculty Expectation of Mentor Hold first communication call in January Regular communication and direct mentorship based on the need of the student Guide research process, provide resources, etc. Mentors should provide milestones for students (Mid-review in March/April, Final review in July) Support students in process and production of deliverables At the conclusion of the program, student’s final research project/paper will be: published in AIAS CRIT Journal, published through AIA Research, presented by student at host firm, and presented by student at AIAS CRIT Live: Research Symposium 2022-2023 CRIT Scholars Jordan Luther Carnegie Mellon University Jordan Luther is a first year Master of Architecture student at Carnegie Mellon University. She received her Bachelor of Science in Architecture with minors in Art History and Building Construction Technology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst during the Spring of 2021. Her interests lie in high performance building design, health care design, and architectural history. Pegah Mathur North Carolina State University Pegah is a PhD candidate in human-centered architecture at NCSU with a Masters of science in Environmental Building Design from University of Pennsylvania and a Master of Architecture (M.Arch.) from University of Sheffield, UK. Her interdisciplinary research is on analysis of built environmental factors including lighting that impact human’s health and play a crucial role in alleviating some neurodegenerative disease symptoms such as Alzheimer’s. In her research, she is combining computational design, sustainable technology and building science with medical research outcomes in order to design a human-centered responsive environment, thus paving the way towards both preventive and therapeutic solutions in health, sustainability and wellbeing. Angel Fawn Coleman University of Nebraska – Lincoln Angel is a recent graduate of the University of Nebraska-Lincoln with a Masters in Architecture. Angel’s thesis, Reinventing Educational spaces, researched impacts from the last few years on our high school students as we experimented with new ways and spaces to teach. Her prototype aimed to develop a school that created collaborative classrooms, established inclusive community cultures, promoted mental wellness and gave students more opportunities to take advantage of all their talents in order to focus on the complete well-being of the student. Sean Stattelman University of Kansas Sean recently graduated in May from the University of Kansas, School of Architecture & Design, where he received his Bachelor and Master of Architecture. His research focuses on evidence-based design in healthcare, specifically on Ambulatory Surgery Centers, or ASCs. The goal of his research was to create a prototype design of an ASC of the future with three key areas of emphasis: infection prevention, efficiency and flexibility, and well-being of patients, families, and staff members. Sean has used his time as an AIAS CRIT scholar to analyze evidence-based design research and new trends in healthcare and apply them to an ASC of the Future. Through this process he was also able to perform multiple in-depth case studies and comparisons of recently built ASCs and conducted hands on interviews with both professional healthcare architects and end users of a currently operating ASC Quinlan McFadden University of Nebraska – Lincoln Quinlan McFadden, Assoc. AIA, AIAS CRIT Scholar, is recent a graduate of The University of Nebraska – Lincoln, College of Architecture’s Master of Architecture program. Through research and design, Quinlan specializes in helping communities make strategic changes to their development regulations and design guidelines, specifically in regard to how building typologies and land use can be utilized to optimize density in order to provide opportunities for attainable housing solutions. His combined experiences of growing up in a sprawling West Omaha subdivision, to living in dense college towns and Denver, has helped him identify the critical importance of good development regulations and design guidelines in shaping attainable communities. Since transitioning from academia to practice with Holland Basham Architects, he has been active in aiding various affordable housing challenges from Omaha to Denver, and communities in between. Alexander Todd Hagen University of the District of Columbia Alex completed his Bachelors in Architecture from the University of the District of Columbia from the College of Agriculture, Urban Sustainability, and Environmental Sciences. His research is focused on the implementation of community guided design within healthcare, specifically in Ward 5 of D.C. The CRIT scholar program has so far helped fund his engagement with the targeted populations and engage with industry professionals from all over the U.S. for their expertise on the topic. He currently works as a design professional at CRB Group in Rockville, MD. Cameron Wright The University of the District of Columbia Hi, I’m Cameron. My life experience has given me a strong empathetic approach to design and design can affect well-being and survival. By studying current events and history I have focused on ‘circular design approaches’ to make the average citizen’s lifestyle easier. A well designed home and environment makes a positive impact on the individual life, therefore resulting in more positive reactions elsewhere in society. Moyosore Michael Oguntoye The University of the District of Columbia Moyosore Oguntoye is a graduate student in the Department of Architecture and Urban Sustainability at the University of the District of Columbia. He used his time as an AIAS Crit Scholar to focus his thesis “Assessing bamboo and coconut tree as sustainable building materials: A case study of Lagos, Nigeria”. Driven by creativity, passion for change, and sustainable development, his goal as an architect is to make the world a better place for underserved communities. Moyosore currently works in artistic and healthcare services and resides in Annapolis, Maryland. Past & Present Mentors Robin Randall, FAIA, ALEP, LEED AP BD+C Legat Architects Robin Randall is a principal and director of PreK-12 Education at Legat Architects. She serves Legat’s six studios reinventing architecture for learning through local, regional, national, and international thought leadership in educational design. She builds consensus through community engagement and creates dynamic educational facilities informed by research in energy, materials, and wellness. A frequent speaker, volunteer, and educator, she inspires her clients and colleagues to continually learn by applying evidence-based design and research that improves student performance and builds thriving communities. She is an active participant and co-author at the 2018 and 2020 Academy of Neuroscience and Architecture symposiums and is currently working on a thesis of “How Buildings Teach Kindness”. Robin has been an adjunct professor for Judson University and continues to jury and critique at Ball State University, Illinois Institute of Technology, and Boston College. Rico Quirindongo, AIA Seattle Office of Planning & Community Development Rico Quirindongo, AIA, has been working for 26 years to revitalize and reimagine Seattle historic landmarks and neighborhoods. He is Deputy Director of the City of Seattle Office of Planning and Community Development. Rico believes that through proactive design, vision, and multi-agency collaboration, opportunities for social change can be realized through community-invested civic projects. Rico works with organizations to positively influence communities through design and is committed to the betterment of his hometown, Seattle, through public engagement, design, and civic service. Rico is a recognized expert on civic projects and city-convened taskforces to create and execute processes for inclusive and authentic engagement. Rico was chair of the Pike Place Market Preservation and Development Authority Council, was a Downtown Seattle Association board member, and was AIA Seattle President in 2012-13. Rico was recognized by AIA as a Citizen Architect in 2020 and is a Northwest and Pacific Regional Representative on the AIA Strategic Council. Erin Persky Erin Persky and Associates Erin Persky applies her dual- mental health and architecture background to justice and civic facility consulting. Erin is Past Chair of the American Institute of Architects – Academy of Architecture for Justice (AIA-AAJ) and chaired the 2017 AAJ National Conference, “Interdisciplinary Justice,” which focused on forging collaborations between architects, justice practitioners, and researchers from other disciplines to evolve justice architecture and contribute to system-wide justice reform. Erin recently co-led the development of the AIA-AAJ Courthouse Post-Occupancy Evaluation Toolkit and co-chairs the AAJ Research Committee. Elaine Asal, Senior Associate, Gensler Gensler A connector, catalyst, instigator and communicator, Elaine believes solutions to our most challenging problems come in many forms and often from the most unexpected places. She is a Senior Associate, and design strategist in the Gensler Baltimore office with a focus on workplace strategy, visioning, stakeholder and community engagement. Over the course of her career, she has worked across a wide-ranging portfolio of projects, with a particular focus on the not for profit and social innovation industry. Having worked with many different types of organizations, she expertly weaves best practices and research from across the firm, with her understanding of organizational culture and a mission aligned perspective. In addition to her professional experience, Elaine has designed, hosted and participated in multiple events and workshops around social innovation and design thinking. Active in the local social enterprise community in Baltimore, she fosters connections across organizations and identifies opportunities for partnership and collaboration. Elaine also serves as board chair for the Station North Arts and Entertainment District and always seeks to use design as a platform to create dialogue around social change. Dane Stokes, ZGF ZGF Dane is a Design Technology Manager who works out of ZGF’s Seattle office. Before coming to ZGF Dane spent 7 years in the automotive industry specializing in the fabrication, testing, and development of high performance racing vehicles. Seeking to expand his knowledge of fabrication and construction Dane moved into the architectural field, completing a Master’s Degree in Architecture from UPenn, specializing in computational design, fabrication, kinematics, and robotics. Dane is a firm wide resource for the development and implementation of computational design tools for Grasshopper and Dynamo. He is also interested in the development of workflow strategies that implement multi-program interoperability to increase efficiency. He has a great interest in utilizing emerging technology to improve the quality, precision, and speed of design, documentation, and fabrication within the design realm. B. Sanborn, DLR DLR Group B plays a unique role within DLR Group’s as Design Research Leader and leader of the R&D studio, collaborating with researchers and designers to generate actionable data, stimulate innovation, and activate a culture of knowledge-sharing within the firm. B’s background in academia and industry includes anthropology, archaeology, environmental psychology, design thinking techniques, and product development. Their experience in social science and material culture sheds light on the connections between the built environment and human behavior in learning, working, and social interaction. They support integrated design teams in developing design goals based on relevant, applicable research, and leverages validated tools to assess project outcomes. B also serves as the firm’s conduit to research co-creators and stakeholders including industry partners, academia, and clients to share DLR Group’s research position and outcomes. Annelise Pitts, AIA | Principal Consultant Cameron MacAllister Group Annelise is a passionate architect, researcher, and advocate for justice, equity, diversity, and inclusion (JEDI) in architectural practice. She is a principal consultant with Cameron MacAllister Group, where she works with firms to ensure that talented professionals from all walks of life are able to thrive within their organizations. . As Research Chair for Equity by Design, she leads the Equity in Architecture research project, a national multi-phase study exploring differential career experiences and aspirations of architectural professionals on the basis of personal identity. This work has been widely published, most recently in Women [Re]Build: Stories, Polemics, Futures and The Plan Journal. She has also served on the AIA’s Equity & the Future of Architecture Committee, advising on the development of the AIA Guides for Equitable Practice. Angela Mazzi, FAIA, FACHA, EDAC, Principal GBBN Architects GBBN Architects Angela Mazzi’s research on socio-cultural contexts provides perspective on how culture reflects in architecture and user experience. Angela is President of the American College of Healthcare Architects, serves on the AIA Cincinnati Board, the Advisory Committee for the Institute for Patient-Centered Design, and was an Advisory Board member for Arizona State University’s Healthcare Design Program in its initial years. Her research in salutogenesis and clinical workspaces links wellness to design and has been published in many healthcare journals and presented at national and international conferences. She is a peer reviewer for Health Environment Research and Design (HERD) Journal and Academy of Architecture for Health Journal. Tim Pittman Gensler Tim Pittman is a Research Strategy and Communications Director for the Gensler Research Institute. He brings expertise in survey design, analysis, and data visualization, and in translating research findings into actionable insights that can impact design projects and strategies. In his role he helps to oversee Gensler’s 30+ ongoing research projects each year, while also serving as editor for the Institute’s ongoing publications, including the Global Workplace Surveys, Gensler Experience Index, and Gensler Research Catalogues. He also currently serves on the editorial board for the American Society of Interior Designers recently relaunched i+D Magazine. Tim’s research has been cited in publications including the Harvard Business Review, Fast Company, and the Corporate Real Estate Journal. He holds an undergraduate degree in Visual and Environmental Studies from Harvard and a masters in City Design and Social Science from the London School of Economics. Thomas Vonier, FAIA, AIA Thomas works from Paris and Washington DC for clients with operations in Europe, East Asia, Africa, The Americas and the Middle East. He has worked with the United cNations, the Government of Tunisia, the US State Department, the City of Yokohama, Brown + Root, Halliburton, 3COM, and many other organizations. He led the team that delivered early landmark recommendations to the US Secretary of State for improved security in the design of new embassies, after attacks on US Foreign Missions in Africa and the Middle East. He has led security planning and design tasks for US Government sites in the foreign field and within the United States. For a long-term security assessment and evaluation program, he led the “red-team” for perimeter and site security on US military bases and ancillary facilities in a key NATO country. In the former Soviet Union, the European Union and North Africa, Thomas has completed space programming and requirement studies for US agency tenants in foreign mission buildings. As the only architect in a professional services team with members from Italy, South Africa, Finland and the United Kingdom, Thomas has completed security plans for an academic campus in Scandinavia, hotel properties in Africa, a multinational technical facility in Western Europe, and commercial and industrial sites in North Africa. Early in his career, working with the campus architect, he developed a master plan for Georgetown University. Later, he assisted with master planning for The George Washington University. Kais Al-Rawi, AIA Walter P Moore and Associates Kais Al-Rawi, AIA is an Architect based in Los Angeles, California. He is a graduate of the Architectural Association (AA), London. He practices at the intersection of Architecture and Engineering with Walter P Moore and Associates in Los Angeles, where he is involved in large-scale specialty structures ranging from Stadiums, to Airports and Museums – specializing in digital technologies and enclosure engineering. He teaches and heads the AA Visiting School in Jordan and Los Angeles. His work has been exhibited and published internationally in London, New York, Los Angeles, Vienna and Amman among others. Jeri Brittin, PhD, Assoc. AIA, Allied ASID, EDAC HDR Director of Research at HDR, Dr. Jeri Brittin leads an award-winning team of design research thought-leaders with a mandate to make design better for people. Jeri trained as a public health research scientist and has a design and business background encompassing senior-level strategic and client service roles. Her strategic orientation informs her work in the realm of outcome-generating design, and she believes that design, as it defines and shapes our places and spaces, can and should be leveraged to achieve outcomes that matter to people, organizations, and communities. Jeri’s areas of expertise include research design, methods and measurement, translation of evidence to design practice, quantitative/statistical and qualitative analysis. She also has experience and interest in intervention evaluation and perspectives and methods from systems science. Dr. Brittin’s research portfolio focuses on health and behavioral outcomes in learning, healthcare, science, and workplace environments, as well as community settings. She strives to disseminate work in both scientific and design forums. Jeri maintains an active national and international collaboration network, and serves on the AIA Design and Health Leadership Group, the AIA CAE Research Sub-Committee, the Fitwel Advisory Council, the WELL Movement Advisory, and The Wellbeing Partners Board of Directors. She also periodically serves as adjunct faculty and has developed and taught the graduate courses “Research Methods” and “Crossroads of Design and Health” at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln College of Architecture. Chris Flint Chatto, AIA, LEED AP BD+C, Principal ZGF Chris Flint Chatto is a high-performance building specialist focused on integrating architectural design and building systems, optimizing building performance through energy and daylighting studies in early project development, and delivering building efficiencies in completed projects. Several of Chris’s projects have achieved LEED Gold, LEED Platinum, AIA COTE recognition and/or net-zero energy use, including the Rocky Mountain Institute Innovation Center. He is currently working on Portland, Oregon’s first, and the world’s largest, commercial Living Building. Peter and Sharon Exley Architecture is Fun Architecture is Fun is a collaborative practice that employs a transdisciplinary approach to designing architecture, education and social space. The Chicago-based studio designs accessible spaces of living, learning, and fun and re-envisions the potential of museums, retail, informal education spaces and non-profit organizations. Through their impressive record of professional leadership, presentations, teacher workshops, classroom architecture programs, and mentorship, Architecture is Fun contributes to the discourse of arts and culture in meaningful and transformative ways. Amy Mielke Ennead Lab Amy Mielke is a Senior Associate at Ennead and serves as Director of Ennead Lab. Her role includes design and management for a range of project types, including healthcare and embassy work, as well as leading advocacy and research + design efforts within Ennead Lab. Amy received a Bachelor of Architecture from Oklahoma State University and Master of Architecture (post professional) from Yale University. She currently teaches part-time at Columbia University as an Adjunct Assistant Professor of Architecture, focusing on the agency of water in urban resilience and the spatial potential of water in infrastructure. She recognizes the participatory role of every project type and scale in a larger environmental network—objects beget action, and action begets change. Andrea Love, AIA, LEED Fellow Payette Andrea has received a Master of Science in Architecture Studies in Building Technology from MIT where she was the recipient of the Tucker-Voss Award, and focused her thesis on the thermal performance of facades. She is also a Lecturer at MIT in the Department of Architecture’s Building Technology group where she teaches a class on building envelope performance. She currently serves on the Board of Directors for the USGBC Massachusetts Chapter, on the national USGBC Chapter Steering Committee and Education Steering Committee and is a member of the COTE Advisory Group to the Board. Upali Nanda HKS, Inc. Dr. Upali Nanda is a published author, speaker, and researcher with extensive experience in designing, spearheading and implementing research projects in design practice. Her research focuses on the impact of design on human health, organizational effectiveness and systemic well-being. She is the Director of Research for HKS, responsible for spearheading and implementing research projects globally. She also serves as the Executive Director for the non-profit Center for Advanced Design Research and Education. She is a member of the Academy of Neuroscience for Architecture (ANFA) Advisory Council, the AIA Research Advisory for Design& Health, and the AAH research council. Her doctoral work on “Sensthetics” has been published as a book available on Amazon.com, and she has published extensively in peer-reviewed journals and mainstream media. Her research has been awarded the European Healthcare Design Research Award and two EDRA CORE awards, and she has been the recipient of numerous national grants. In 2015 Dr. Nanda was recognized as one of the top 10 most influential people in Healthcare Design for research, by the Healthcare Design Magazine. Colin Booth, Assoc. AIA Sasaki Colin Booth is a Designer and Director of Sustainability at Sasaki, contributing to a number of award-winning teams since joining Sasaki in 2006. His diverse experience ranges from graphic branding, to architectural design and construction, to campus and urban planning. As an Associate of Sasaki and as the Chair of the Hideo Sasaki Foundation, Colin coordinates interdisciplinary research initiatives internally and with external partners. Colin teaches Advanced Comprehensive Architecture Studios at the Boston Architectural College, and has previously taught workshops or lectured at institutions including MIT, Harvard, Tufts, Wentworth, MassArt, as well as institutions in Zhuhai and Guangzhou, China. Tate Walker, AIA, LEED Fellow OPN Architects Tate Walker is the Director of Sustainability at OPN Architects and leads projects and initiatives across the firm’s four offices. His experience is rooted in the architectural design process, but also includes program and project management, and the development of technical guidelines for high performing buildings. He has served many organizations over the course of his career, including cities and universities, AIA’s Committee on the Environment (COTE), and the USGBC’s Energy & Atmosphere Technical Advisory Group. Tate firmly believes that the nexus between architecture and energy provides leadership opportunities for architects as creative problem solvers, particularly for those willing to stretch their practice beyond its traditional boundaries. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings