Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Website users The American Institute of Architecture Students’ (AIAS) website is controlled and operated in whole or in part by the AIAS from its offices within the United States. The AIAS makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use outside the territory of the US. Users outside of the US who access the AIAS website do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. The AIAS reserves the right in its sole discretion to refuse or terminate access to its website at any time. The AIAS reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time. Your continued use of the website shall be deemed to be your acceptance of any modified Terms of Use. If any future change is unacceptable to you, you should discontinue using the website. The AIAS website is owned by AIAS, which owns (or licenses) all the wallpaper, characters, artwork, icons, graphics, music, text, and other content on the site, unless otherwise indicated (“Content”), and all HTML, CGI, and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the site (“Code”). You may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, (re)publish, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from these sites except as expressly permitted by these rules and the instructions for each section of any portion of the website. You may not modify or use the Content or Code you receive from these sites for any purpose other than those permitted, and doing so will violate AIAS’ copyright and other proprietary rights. AIAS performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of AIAS’ right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to the user’s use of these sites or information provided to or gathered by AIAS with respect to such use. Intellectual property Copyright Notice Unless otherwise specified herein or within the website, the following notice applies to all content of this website: Copyright © 2021 The American Institute of Architecture Students, 1735 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, DC 20006 U.S.A. All rights reserved. AIAS Trademarks The AIAS’ registered trademarks include, but are not limited to “The American Institute of Architecture Students,” “AIAS,” and the Circular Logo. Nothing in these terms of use or on the AIAS’ website shall be construed to grant any rights or license to any AIAS trademark. Non-endorsement The AIAS does not sponsor or endorse any enterprise whether public or private, operated for profit. Further, no AIAS officer, director, committee member, or employee or any of its component organizations in his or her official capacity is permitted to approve, sponsor, endorse, or do anything that may be deemed or construed to be an approval, sponsorship, or endorsement of any material of construction or any method or manner of handling, using, distributing, or dealing in any material or product. Your acceptance of these Terms of Use You acknowledge you have read and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. You further agree to comply with all local laws, regulations, and rules regarding online conduct and acceptable website/internet content. You represent you have the legal authority to accept these Terms of Use on behalf of yourself or any party you represent. If you do not agree to these terms, please discontinue use of the AIAS website. User-generated content terms and conditions The following terms apply to areas of the AIAS website that allow third-party users to post content (“User Generated Content”), including, without limitation, in discussion forums (“Forums”). You agree that your registration for, access to, and participation in any Forum is subject to these terms, and applicable law. The AIAS does not pre-screen User Generated Content. The AIAS retains the rights, but not the responsibility, to edit or remove any User Generated Content and/or terminate your account for any reason in its sole discretion. Do not post any content that violates any applicable local, state, national, or international law. Do not post any content, or take any action, that is designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, or to interfere with or disrupt the website or services connected to the website. Your User Generated Content is not confidential or proprietary. You grant to the AIAS a non-exclusive, non-revocable, worldwide, perpetual right to use your User Generated Content in any manner or media now or later known without limitation including but not limited to the right to sublicense and assign and commercialize without any compensation due to you. Ownership. You are responsible for ensuring that any User Generated Content that you post does not, and will not violate third-party rights of any kind. You warrant and represent that you own or control all rights, or have obtained the necessary permissions from the owner of such rights, in any User Generated Content that you post to any Forum. General Use. You acknowledge and agree that the AIAS does not have any obligation to review User Generated Content, that the AIAS is not in any manner responsible for User Generated Content, that the AIAS does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of User Generated Content, and that the AIAS cannot ensure that harmful, inaccurate, deceptive, offensive, threatening, defamatory, unlawful or otherwise objectionable User Generated Content will not appear on the website. You also acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to access, view and/or post User Generated Content on the website, the AIAS is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any User Generated Content or activities of users on the website. Users agree to use the AIAS website user-generated content functions only to send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Forum. In addition to the terms stated herein and by way of example and not as a limitation, the user agrees that when using a Forum, users shall not: You represent and warrant also that the content you supply does not violate these terms, and that you will indemnify and hold the AIA harmless for any and all claims resulting from content you supply. Digital Millennium Copyright Act If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User submission or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail): The American Institute of Architecture Students’ designated Copyright Agent to receive notifications of claimed infringement is mailbox@aias.org. For clarity, only DMCA notices should go to the Copyright Agent. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 5(D), your DMCA notice may not be valid. Counter-Notice. If you believe that your User Submission that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Submission, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent: If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, the AIAS may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at the AIAS’ sole discretion. DISCLAIMERS THE CONTENT, CODE, ACCESS, AND OTHER FEATURES OF THESE SITES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE AIA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ANY SUCH FEATURES WILL OPERATE IN AN UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE FASHION, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THESE SITES OR THE SERVER ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AIAS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS AND COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY CONTENT OR FEATURES, OR YOUR FAILURE TO ACCESS OR CLICK-THROUGH ACCESS ANY CONTENT OR FEATURES, EVEN IF THE AIAS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE AIAS SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY THE OWNERS OF CONTENT OR SITES ACCESSED THROUGH CLICK-THRU ACCESS BASED ON YOUR INAPPROPRIATE OR UNPERMITTED ACCESS OF SUCH CONTENT OR SITES. YOU HEREBY AGREE TO INDEMNIFY THE AIA FOR SUCH CLAIMS IF BROUGHT AGAINST THE AIAS IF YOU USED THIS SITE FOR SUCH INAPPROPRIATE OR UNPERMITTED ACCESS. Applicable law This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. Those who choose to access these sites from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The United States controls the export of any software downloadable from this website. No software or any other materials associated with the AIAS website may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported to countries or persons prohibited under export control laws, including but not limited to countries against which the United States has embargoed goods, or to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons or the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Deny Orders. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of any such materials. By using and/or downloading any such materials from the AIAS website, you represent and warrant that you are no located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country to which such import, export, or re-export is prohibited or are not a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. It is important to The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) that its data collection methods and use are transparent to its members, customers, and visitors to all AIAS Web properties. If there are additional questions please contact AIAS using contact information contained within this document. Overview The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) National Component maintains a centralized database that houses data about all of its members, past members, prospect members, product customers, and companies within the built community. AIAS.org is The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) National’s website and its primary venue for providing information to our members and the public. It is designed to be the go-to resource and facilitator helping members and others connect and obtain information about architecture and architects. Member and customer privacy is important to the AIAS and this policy is to inform AIAS members and customers how their data is used and to provide direction for opting out of the online services and communications (electronic and paper) offered to members and customers from AIAS. The services are outlined in detail in the “How Your Information Is Used” section of this document. AIAS does not use illegal misleading methods to mine public data. All data is obtained through normal business practices including but not limited to membership applications, online purchases, event registrations, purchased state licensing board lists, and trade shows. AIAS member data is occasionally shared with its partners and is rented to external vendors for bulk mail solicitations only. What Data AIAS Collects Members and Customers can register with AIAS online or by completing a paper form. Registration is required to obtain any product or service (tangible or virtual) offered by the AIAS. Some products and services also require AIAS membership. In all cases registration requires that a valid mailing address be submitted to appropriately fulfill a product or service request. Online registration requires a valid email be provided because an online profile is created during the registration process. Occasionally AIAS asks for additional demographics such as race, age, sex, birth date, architectural license number, education, and employment status as a part of its diversity and inclusion initiatives and commitment. This information is for internal use only and is not required by a registrant at any time. It is not shared with any outside vendors, partners, or online services. When purchasing a product or service online users are asked to provide a credit card number to complete their transaction. AIAS does not store credit card information after the transaction is complete however, it does maintain a reference number provided by its credit card gateway, PayPal. AIAS follows Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards for all online and paper sales and this practice is accepted by PCI. How Your Information is Used AIAS communicates to its members and customers electronically and through bulk mail advertisements. All electronic communications adhere to the CAN SPAM Act. AIAS also has several external databases that require use of its single sign-on technology including but not limited to a career center, continuing education system, and online directories that may or may not require AIAS membership for use. In addition, all updates to the data are made in AIAS centralized system. No other demographical information is shared with external systems. In addition, owners of any third party system used by the AIAS do not have the permission of the AIAS to use AIAS data for data mining and solicitations. Your data is used according to your relationship to the AIAS. A description of the different relationship types is below. Member Data – Member data is obtained through AIAS’ online registration or through paper applications submitted for membership. Member names and addresses can be sold to vendors for bulk mail solicitations. AIAS does not sell email addresses, telephone numbers, and additional demographic information. Through our partnership with the American Institute of Architects (AIA), the AIAS shares membership information with the AIA only. No other partner has full access to the AIAS membership list. There are several external databases in addition to the centralized database management system that provide services for our members to use as a part of their AIA membership. A description of the systems and the data that is shared with each system is below: AIAS Career Center is an online tool used by members to search for jobs and post resumes online. Any information maintained in the career center database is not shared with current or potential employers unless initiated by the member through the job application process. netFORUM is AIAS’ centralized member and customer database system. It is used to maintain all member and customer demographics and purchase information. All users of the centralized system are employed (volunteer and paid staff) by the AIAS or one of its state or local components and have permission to use the database for AIAS business only. Commitment to Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, AIAS has implemented the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and by paper. The portions of our Web site requiring login or data entry by Web users are protected by SSL. All paper applications are scanned and maintained in a secure server environment. All paper applications are shredded and disposed of within 10 days. Accessing and Updating Your Information All records in our database are accessible online by their individual or company owner. To access your information to modify it or to opt out of any of AIAS’ communications visit www.aias.org and click on the sign-in button. You can also call or email mailbox@aias.org to update your information. WEB BROWSING PRACTICES Logging Practices Our site logs do generate certain kinds of non-identifying site usage data, such as the number of hits and visits to our sites. This information is used for internal purposes by technical support staff to provide better services to the public and may also be provided to others, but again, the statistics contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information. We are also logging some specific technical information generated by our content server which is used for troubleshooting server functionality. Site information is used to confirm participation in the AIAS programs and may be used to advise participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from their sites. No personal information is collected. Our Web servers automatically record domain names of the Web sites of visitors to our sites. The domain name is a web address registered for every Web site on the Internet. We record the domain names of the sites that users visited immediately prior to the AIAS websites. The Web servers keep track of the pages visited on the AIAS websites and the amount of time spent on those pages. AIAS only uses this information for statistical purposes, to find out which pages users find most useful and to improve the website. Cookies Our Web sites are not set up to track, collect or distribute personal information not entered by visitors. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. AIAS uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and access to forms. Cookies used by AIAS are session based and therefore only last for the duration of the user’s session. Cookies created by AIAS are stored on AIAS server and not on the user’s browser. The cookie is used to keep user ID generated by the server after a user signs in to the system. You can still use AIAS sites if your browser is set to reject cookies. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you. The AIAS also uses cookies, through Google Adwords Remarketing functionality, to show you our ads on sites across the internet. If you choose, you may opt out of customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager. External Links Disclaimer AIAS provides links from our Web pages to external Web sites because they provide information that may interest our customers. This is provided as a convenience only. External links do not constitute an endorsement by the AIAS of the opinions, products, or services presented on the external site, or of any sites linked to it. AIAS is not responsible for the legality or accuracy of information on externally linked sites, or for any costs incurred while using externally linked sites. External links are intended to support AIAS’ mission. They are not intended to support private or commercial organizations or businesses. Links to .org, .gov, .edu, .mil or other non-profit sites that share architectural interests inherent to AIAS’ mission are encouraged because of their general non-commercial, public-interest nature. Links to .com, .net, and other commercial domains are acceptable if supportive of customers’ needs and relevant to AIAS’ mission. Links to external web sites may be removed if the Web sites lobby or solicit AIAS organization on positions of fiscal or political nature, or if they receive funds or revenue for volume of traffic delivered from AIAS to the external site where the site is not an official partner of AIAS. AIAS reserves the right to review links and add or remove links at any time for any reason consistent with AIAS Policy and Guidance. When you link to an outside website, including the social networking sites, you are leaving the AIAS Web site and the AIAS’ information management policies no longer apply. AIAS encourages you to read the privacy statement of each and every website that you visit before you provide any personal information. Social Networking Sites and Applications It is important to note that the AIAS also links to other third-party sites and applications (e.g, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube). These sites and applications may not follow the same privacy policies as the AIAS. For instance, these sites and applications may use cookies, collect data, and use the data in ways that the AIAS would not. The AIAS is not responsible for the privacy practices on these other sites. Virus Protection We use virus protection software on our computer systems and regularly update the software. This is a computer security measure that, in addition to maintaining our computer systems, also ensures that all files that we develop and/or post on our web servers are virus-free. When you request a file for download from our site, it is possible, though unlikely, that the data may contract a virus and become corrupted before it reaches your computer. AIAS is not responsible for files that may become corrupted as the data travels the Internet. Security For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, AIAS computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996. HOW TO CONTACT US The AIAS’ hours of operation are from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET, Monday through Friday (except national holidays). You may contact us at any time and our team will respond to your query. Mailing Address The American Institute of Architecture Students 1735 New York Ave., NW Washington, DC 20006 Phone 1-202-808-0088 E-mail mailbox@aias.org To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. AIAS staff use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Please do not send us sensitive information, such as your credit card or social security numbers, via e-mail. It is possible that during transmission of your e-mail this information may be intercepted by a third party. We cannot guarantee its safety while in transit. If you choose to contact AIAS staff using an e-mail address, a discussion forum, AIAS blog, text message or other electronic communication method, or if you choose to complete an online form provided on AIAS Web site you may be asked to provide your name, e-mail address or other personal information. The purpose of collecting this information is to allow staff to respond to your inquiry or to evaluate individual web services. Only authorized staff will have access to the information provided and the information will only be used for the purpose it was intended. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings