Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Prospective Undergraduate Students Applying for admission to one of the three undergraduate degree programs within Georgia Tech’s College of Computing is your first step to becoming a graduate of one of the nation's top computing programs. Are you a sharp, ambitious, technologically savvy student interested in making your mark on the world? If so, you've come to the right place. Why choose Georgia Tech’s College of Computing? Georgia Tech’s College of Computing is home to the 5th ranked undergraduate computer science program according to the 2020 U.S. News and World Report rankings. We’re more than our rankings, though; Georgia Tech is a gateway to your inspiration. When you become a part of the GT family, you will be immersed in an educational experience alongside some of the brightest, most talented, and most motivated students in the country. If you choose one of the College of Computing’s three undergraduate majors - Computer Science, Computational Media, or Computer Engineering - you will be taught by some of the finest computing minds in the world. You will have opportunities to work on cutting-edge research, to intern in some of the biggest companies in the world, to use your computing skills to serve others, and even to build your own entrepreneurial skills. Ready to join GT Computing? Image If you're ready to apply to join the GT Computing family, visit Georgia Tech’s Office of Undergraduate Admissions site to learn more about the application process, requirements, important deadlines, and how to schedule your visit to campus and the College of Computing. Apply to Georgia Tech The College of Computing’s Undergraduate Degree Programs With its unique Threads curriculum, the College of Computing provides undergraduate students a world-class education through one of our three-degree programs: Computer Science, Computational Media, or Computer Engineering. Make your degree "you" by combining standard computer science education with classes tailored to your interests and real-world opportunities. B.S. Computer Science B.S. Computer Science Computer science is the base and platform for countless industries and disciplines. Today’s employers need graduates with both a solid foundation in the principles of computer science and specialized computing skills and backgrounds — individuals with a generalist’s knowledge, but an expert’s eye for innovation and problem-solving. It only makes sense that computer science education reflects this reality. The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science program at the College of Computing prepares students to leave school with the tools needed to become innovators and global leaders in computing. Learn More B.S. Computational Media B.S. Computational Media The Bachelor of Science in Computational Media program was developed in recognition of computing’s significant role in communication and expression and is a joint offering between the College of Computing and the School of Literature, Media, and Communication within the Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts, and the School of Music within the College of Design. Students gain both theoretical and hands-on knowledge of computing while developing an in-depth understanding of visual design, music technology, or the history of media. Learn More B.S. Computer Engineering B.S. Computer Engineering The Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering program is a joint offering between the College of Computing and the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering within the College of Engineering and covers a broad set of areas, ranging from the design of microprocessors to cloud computing and everything in between. Students who major in computer engineering will learn about hardware, software, and computing principles in the context of important devices and systems such as smartphones, the Internet of Things, streaming systems, and large-scale computing and storage systems for the cloud. Learn More More Than a Degree GT Computing is about more than just classes and degrees – a lot more. We are a global computing community, and our members range from middle-schoolers enrolled in summer camps to some of the world's top CEOs, along with everyone in between. While you’re at Georgia Tech, we want you to take advantage of all of the benefits of this community – thing likes enhancing your extracurricular life, building your network of professional contacts, and learning from other members of the GT Computing community. Jump Start Your Career Jump Start Your Career How will you differentiate yourself for the job market? Opportunities abound at the College of Computing to jump-start your career long before you graduate. After all, who looks better to an employer: a smart, talented, and hardworking computing graduate – or that same graduate with a proven work history and a resume already filled with successful projects? Learn More About Career Services Undergraduate Research Undergraduate Research Undergraduate research develops the skills and experience that will make a grad school or job application really stand out. Students have the opportunity to work with faculty, graduate students, and other undergraduate students on cutting-edge, real-world problems individually or through a variety of formal programs, including Vertically Integrated Projects (VIP), Undergraduate Research Opportunities in Computing (U.ROC), or Georgia Tech’s Research Option. Entrepreneurship Entrepreneurship Georgia Tech, the College of Computing, and Atlanta are home to a thriving startup culture that embraces those not content with just having a good idea. This entrepreneurial spirit is embodied in the College's students, alumni, and faculty who have turned good ideas into successful business ventures. Learn more about how we’ll support your entrepreneurial journey International Programs International Programs Today’s graduates must be comfortable working with globally diverse colleagues in work environments that often span multiple continents. The best – and definitely the most fun – way to prepare is to experience other cultures first-head. Georgia Tech has dozens of options for international study, and the College has several that are specific to computing students. Learn more about you can have a global experience with the College of Computing Student Organizations Student Organizations Student organizations provide academic, professional, and social support and development. Membership in any of the College of Computing's diverse student organizations will hone your leadership skills and provide a forum for you to learn from fellow students. Within these organizations, students have the opportunity to work on projects outside the classroom while building connections that last a lifetime. Explore Our Student Organizations The GT Computing Community The GT Computing Community When you come to Georgia Tech, you're a part of the family! Find out about resources available to you such as pet therapy, transfer chats, coaching, and nutrition workshops. We are here to make your time at Georgia Tech the best yet. Learn More About our Community Questions? Contact our Enrollment Team at prospectivestudent@cc.gatech.edu Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…