Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Alumni The College of Computing has a global network of more than 12,000 alumni working to solve some of the most pressing problems facing our communities. As the college continues to rise in the rankings and provide one of the best computing educations in the world, we want to continue celebrating their accomplishments and providing support to all members of our GT Computing family throughout their lifetime.   There are many pathways to help GT Computing Alumni stay connected to the College of Computing, current students, and fellow alumni as they navigate the next steps in their personal and professional journey. If you are an alumnus, we encourage you to stay in touch, attend events, mentor students, and think of yourself as an ambassador of Georgia Tech’s College of Computing. You are and always will be a valuable member of the GT Computing Community. Image Update your profile on PeopleGrove, Georgia Tech's recently launched alumni engagement platform. This platform is a great resource for staying connected to the College and your peers, engaging with alumni in your city or around topics of interest, and finding a mentor/mentorship to another alumnus. You can connect using your LinkedIn login, making the process quick and easy.   Join the Computing Alumni group on LinkedIn to learn more about events, job opportunities, and other news for GT Computing alumni.  Subscribe to our alumni mailing list to receive various communications and event invitations from the College of Computing and the GT Computing Alumni Network.  The College of Computing has much to celebrate, including the academic, personal, and professional accomplishments of our alumni. Share your good news with us! The College of Computing Hall of Fame seeks to recognize those alumni, faculty, and friends who have contributed significantly to our advancement and reputation through the years. We intend to recognize the impact of members of our community on the world of computing and computing education. Visit the Hall of Fame to learn more about our past and recent inductees or to nominate a GT Computing alumnus, faculty, or friend for the next class. The Georgia Tech Alumni Association serves to engage the larger GT alumni network, as well as support the continued excellence of Georgia Tech. Visit the Alumni Association to learn more about how you can stay connected with your fellow Yellow Jackets through regional networks and affinity groups, search for a classmate, or access resources available to alumni. Support the Next Generation: Provide GT Computing students with personal and professional mentorship through our Alumni In Residence program on Fridays throughout the fall and spring semester or through Mentor Jackets, where alumni are paired individually with a student for a year-long one-to-one mentor or as minute mentors. Hire GT Computing students by posting a job opportunity, participating in the College of Computing Career Fair, or joining our Corporate Affiliates Program. Help sustain our students through endowed scholarships. Learn more about how you can support the College of Computing Contact: alumni@cc.gatech.edu GT Computing Helping Stories Scientists Collaborating on New Data-Driven Approach to Covid-19 Intervention Team Using Deep Learning to Forecast Pandemic in the U.S. This Hybrid Mask is Easy to Make and Helps Prevent Disease Spread Researchers Use Machine Learning to Fight COVID-19 Disinformation NSF Grant to Fund Research into Psychological Impact of COVID-19 OMSCS Student Uses Machine Learning to Help Understand COVID-19 Interactive Tool Helps People See Why Staying Home Matters During a Pandemic Alumni Launch Company to Help Breweries Go Consumer Direct CoC Twitter Feed Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…