Skip to main content Connecting professionals. Sharing knowledge. Advancing best practices. Log In Help Search form Search Toggle navigation Home About LAI General Information History Leadership Local Chapters Global Chapter Awards LAI Fellows Land Economics Foundation FAQs Store Contact LAI Calendar Upcoming Events Past Events Land Economics Weekends Land Economics Weekend Scribe Reports Chapters Local Chapters Global Chapter New Chapter Development Frequently Asked Questions Members Member Directory My Profile Nominations Student Members Membership Categories News & Resources President’s Corner KeyNotes Chapter Corner Strategic Plan Member Newsletters & Blogs Members/Chapters in the News Members’ Publishing LAI Archive Links & Resources Land Economics Weekend Scribe Reports Foundation Land Economics Foundation LAI Admin Committees Business Meetings Calendar LAI Strategic Plan Orange County, California Abu Dhabi Skyline, United Arab Emirates London, United Kingdom AUM, India - The University of Pune Tokyo Skyline with Rainbow Bridge and Tokyo Tower Baltimore, Maryland Washington, DC Phoenix, Arizona Downtown Atlanta Skyline Toronto, Ontario Financial District, Madrid, Spain Los Angeles, California Minneapolis, Minnesota Hermosillo, Mexico Boston, Massachussetts Sacramento, California Barcelona, Spain Chicago, Illinois San Diego, California Santa Fe skyline | Photo Credit: Robert Reck San Juan, Puerto Rico Austin, Texas Philadelphia, Pennsylvania Memphis, Tennessee Aerial view overlooking Hawaii's landmark, Leahi Crater (known as Diamond Head), and Waikiki. San Francisco, California New York City, New York Vancouver, British Columbia Ottawa, Ontario Welcome! Facebook Like Google Plus One Linkedin Share Button Share on Facebook Tweet Widget Celebrate Our 90th Anniversary at Your Chapter Download the 90th logo Download the 90th video bumper Download the "100 Faces" video Download the "100 Faces" graphic New On LAI - TV (YouTube) January 13, 2023: Role and Potential Risk of Social Media Participatory Planning Process to Land Development - Phase II Water Series - Water Allocation in California The Next Chapter - Episode 6 - The Simcoe Chapter with David McKay KeyNotes New Posts 2022 LAI Richard T. Ely Distinguished Educator of the Year 2023-25 Executive Committee 2022 LAI International Member of the Year: Elizabeth B. Davison, George Washington Chapter About LAI Connecting professionals. Lambda Alpha International ( LAI ) is a global land economics society where top professionals connect. Membership is honorary and selective. Our 2000+ members make meaningful connections at the local chapter level, and with peers worldwide. LAI chapters are located in major cities in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, and Asia. Sharing knowledge. LAI provides a forum for the exchange of ideas in the fast-paced world of land use and development. Our members come from a wide variety of fields related to the use and reuse of land. This professional diversity creates a unique blend of perspectives and experience. Advancing best practices. LAI is committed to excellence and high standards of professional ethics. Our members are among the best in their respective fields. We recognize professional excellence through the presentation of prestigious international awards. LAI supports education and research through the Land Economics Foundation. Learn more SELECT A CHAPTER Aloha - Hawaii Amsterdam Atlanta AUM(M.S.) - India Austin-Central Texas Baltimore Barcelona Boston Ely - Chicago Florida George Washington - Washington D.C. Global Golden Gate - San Francisco London Los Angeles Madrid Memphis Minnesota New York Orange County Ottawa Philly Phoenix Puget Sound Sacramento San Diego San Juan Simcoe - Toronto Sonoran Desert-Mexico Tokyo United Arab Emirates Vancouver Zia - New Mexico Go LAI Membership Membership in LAI is highly selective through a nomination process initiated by an active LAI member. LAI members have: 10 or more years of experience in their fields Distinguished themselves professionally Made an outstanding contribution to the field of land economics Demonstrated a commitment to public service and high standards of professional ethics Benefits of membership include: Local chapter meetings with meaningful dialogue about issues that matter Twice-yearly international Land Economics Weekends with back-stage VIP access to the workings of a city KeyNotes, our online newsletter Local and global networking opportunities Access to our online member database Learn more Mark Your Calendar Land Economics Weekends (LEWs) LAI Barcelona LEW October, 2023 Lodging Info Land Economics Foundation The Lambda Alpha International’s Land Economics Foundation (LEF) is a not-for-profit charitable foundation organized to administer an investment fund providing grants to advance the application of land economics to the mutual goals of Lambda Alpha International (LAI) and the Foundation: Connecting professionals. Sharing knowledge. Advancing best practices. Learn more Upcoming Chapter Events 26 Jan Boston Market Insights Boston Chapter 1 Feb 2023 LAI Phoenix Chapter New Year Kick-Off Phoenix Chapter 3 Feb Tour and Pau Hana - Academy of Creative Media at UH West Oahu/Kapolei Region Update Aloha - Hawaii Chapter See more events Connect with Us on Sheila Hamilton, Executive Director, lai@lai.org Lambda Alpha International Headquarters PO Box 72720 Phoenix, AZ 85050 480-719-7404 602-532-7865 fax 844-275-8714 US/Canada Toll Free Contact us Site FAQ Site disclaimer Site map