Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Admissions & Financial Aid The Georgia Institute of Technology and the College of Computing admit students based on a comprehensive evaluation of each applicant's achievements, aptitude and potential for growth. Undergraduate Programs Undergraduate applicants must be admitted by Georgia Tech in order to begin studies in the College of Computing Undergraduate Admissions Requirements, Calendar and Deadlines Questions? Email Jennifer Whitlow Director of Computing Enrollment Apply Now Graduate Programs Graduate applicants apply directly to the College of Computing through the Georgia Tech Office of Graduate Studies. Graduate Admissions Requirements, Calendar and Deadlines M.S. CS Admission Requirements Questions? Send email to our Office of Graduate Programs Apply Now Interested in applying to the Online Master of Science in Computer Science program? Explore the OMSCS Program Information, which includes admission criteria and the academic calendar. Tuition & Financial Aid Explore the current year cost overview for the Georgia Institute of Technology. Financial aid provides support for students to help meet the costs of obtaining a Georgia Tech education. There are a number of ways you can receive financial aid, including: Scholarships & Grants Also known as "gift aid," and include federal, state, institutional and private aid. Funds come from several sources: Federal (Pell grant, SEOG) State (HOPE/Zell Miller scholarship) Institutional Private Work & Loans Known as "self-help aid," this is provided by federal work-study programs and educational loans. Funds include the Federal Work Study Program and Educational Loans. Alternative Awards and Scholarships There are a number of alternative scholarships and awards available to student applicants. Transfer Students If you are currently attending a different university and are interested in transferring to Georgia Tech, please connect with an admissions counselor on the steps you'll need to take to become a Yellow Jacket. Find out about the courses that transfer students are required to take before being admitted to the College of Computing below. These are different than the admissions requirements for our incoming freshmen. Required Courses for Transfer Students Questions? Email Jennifer Whitlow Director of Computing Enrollment Community The GT Computing Community Office of Outreach, Enrollment & Community Student Organizations Career Development Internships & Co-Ops Career Fairs Startups & Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Tutoring Assistance Community Outreach Career Services Career Services for OMSCS Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…