Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Career > Scholarships & Fellowships Scholarships & Fellowships Architecture school tuition is among the most expensive for a higher education degree. This is before the cost of materials, food, housing, and expensive software. If you are looking for a little bit of financial help for school, or you are interested in winning an award to travel around the world, we have put together a list of architecture-specific scholarships and fellowships! Check back here for up-to-date information on scholarships, grants, and awards available to architecture students! Do you know of any scholarships to add to the list? Visit the form below to submit a scholarship to add to this page! SUBMIT A SCHOLARSHIP National ScholarshipsInternational ScholarshipsRegional ScholarshipsARE (Architectural Registration Exams) ScholarshipsFellowships & Other Opportunities Name URL Provider Requirements Deadline AIA National Scholarships https://architectsfoundation.org/our-impact/architecture-scholarships/ AIA / Varies Varies Varies Justice, Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Scholarship Program https://www.smithgroup.com/jedi-scholarship SmithGroup Current undergraduate (at least a junior level standing) or graduate students in an accredited architecture, interior design, planning, landscape architecture or engineering program in the United States. Candidates should have a current GPA of 3.0 or better. Candidates who are Black/African American, Hispanic, Alaskan Native or American Indian, Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander are eligible to apply. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the U.S. Applications open in September 2023 RISING BLACK DESIGNERS SCHOLARSHIPS: 2023 Micro Scholarship https://www.gensler.com/rising-black-designers-scholarship#micro-scholarship Gensler Black students enrolled at a U.S. not-for-profit educational institution who will be in an architecture program in the Fall of 2023 are eligible to apply.* January 16, 2023 RISING BLACK DESIGNERS SCHOLARSHIPS 2023: Tuition Scholarship https://www.gensler.com/rising-black-designers-scholarship#micro-scholarship Gensler Black students enrolled at a U.S. not-for-profit educational institution who will begin their final year of a NAAB-accredited architecture program in the Fall of 2023 are eligible to apply.* January 16, 2023 Norm Zimmer Scholarship https://www.zgf.com/scholarships ZGF Any student entering their final year of an Architecture (NAAB), Interior Design (CIDA), Urban Planning and Design (PAB), or Landscape Architecture (LAAB) program in the Fall of 2023. February 17, 2023 Emerging Black Architects Scholarship https://www.zgf.com/scholarships ZGF Any student who identifies as Black or African American and is entering their final year of an Architecture (NAAB), Interior Design (CIDA), Urban Planning and Design (PAB), or Landscape Architecture (LAAB) program in the Fall of 2023. February 17, 2023 Galvanize the Future: A Richard L. Brooks Memorial Scholarship https://galvanizeit.org/education-and-resources/education/university-program/scholarship American Galvanizers Association College or University Students, North America, Qualifying majors include architecture, civil engineering, structural engineering, construction management, material science, or other related field. March 31, 2023 Michael Ford’s $10,000.00 Hip Hop Architecture Scholarship https://www.hiphoparchitecture.com/scholarships The Hip Hop Architecture Camp Any African American high school senior who is entering a NAAB-accredited undergraduate architecture program. April 14, 2023 The Exhibitus Scholarship For Students Of Design https://exhibitus.com/scholarship/ Exhibitus Current or prospective students enrolled full-time at an accredited U.S. university, pursuing a degree in the field of design including but not limited to: architectural design, graphic design, interior design, motion media design, industrial design May 1, 2023 Name URL Provider Requirements Deadline Houzz Women in Architecture Scholarship https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4479808/Houzz-Scholarship-Q1-Women-in-Architecture-2018 Houzz Graduate and undergraduate women students studying architecture or landscape architecture in the U.S. and Canada to apply. March 31, 2023 Houzz Residential Design Scholarship https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4479808/Houzz-Scholarship-Q1-Women-in-Architecture-2018 Houzz Graduate and undergraduate students studying architecture or landscape architecture in the U.S. and Canada to apply. March 31, 2023 Houzz Sustainable Residential Design Scholarship https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4479808/Houzz-Scholarship-Q1-Women-in-Architecture-2018 Houzz Graduate and undergraduate students studying architecture or landscape architecture in the U.S. and Canada to apply. March 31, 2023 Houzz Construction Management Scholarship https://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/4479808/Houzz-Scholarship-Q1-Women-in-Architecture-2018 Houzz Graduate and undergraduate students studying architecture or landscape architecture in the U.S. and Canada to apply. March 31, 2023 Name URL Provider Requirements Deadline UHSAAA Scholarship Endowment https://www.uhsaaa.org/scholarship The University of Hawai’i School of Architecture Alumni Association “Students currently enrolled in the architecture program at University of Hawaii. Undergraduate applicants shall be State of Hawaii high school graduates who have completed two (2) semesters of undergraduate studio and are entering their second year of undergraduate studio. For Graduate applicants, students do not need to be residents of the State of Hawaii.” March 1st, 2023 Name URL Provider Requirements Deadline Name URL Provider Requirements Deadline NOMA Foundation Fellowship https://www.noma.net/noma-foundation-fellowship/ NOMA & AIA LFRT Applicants must be members of NOMA before April 1, 2022; must be (a) currently enrolled in their final 2 years of a 4-year undergraduate program, (b) currently enrolled in their final 3 years of 5-year undergraduate program, or (c) currently enrolled as a graduate student in an M.Arch program. N/A Hart Howerton Fellowship https://www.harthowerton.com/fellowship/ Hart Howerton The program is open to students who will be entering their final year of study in September 2023 and provides an opportunity for Fellows to pursue a research topic of their choice along with an internship in Hart Howerton’s New York or San Francisco office. N/A Charles E. Peterson Fellowship of SAH Archipedia and the Athenaeum of Philadelphia https://www.sah.org/jobs-and-careers/sah-fellowships-and-grants/research-fellowships Society of Architectural Historians The fellowship is intended for students currently enrolled in graduate programs in art or architectural history, architectural design, urban planning, historic preservation, landscape architecture, American studies, or related disciplines. December 31, 2022 HABS + SAH Sally Kress Tompkins Fellowship https://www.sah.org/jobs-and-careers/sah-fellowships-and-grants/research-fellowships Society of Architectural Historians Applicants should be pursuing graduate studies in architectural history or other related fields. December 31, 2022 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings