ARCC Architectural Research Centers Consortium Primary Menu Skip to content Conferences ARCC 2023 ARCC-EAAE 2022 ARCC 2021 EAAE-ARCC 2020 ARCC 2019 ARCC–EAAE 2018 Conference Repository ARCC Past Conferences Journal Membership ARCC 2020 Annual Meeting Joining ARCC Member Benefits Current Members Member Profiles News Careers Awards Awards Overview Awardees About About Us Goals By-Laws Board Member Roles and Responsibilities Officers List Contact Information Subscribe Search Search for: All posts by Chris Jarrett Awards 2022 ARCC Awards Announcement December 22, 2021 Chris Jarrett Lloyd’s of London, Richard George Rogers, 1933-2021 (photo: Imgur) The Board of Directors of the Architectural Research Centers Consortium announces its 2022 Awards in support of recognizing and advancing state-of-the-art research in architecture and related design fields. Many thanks to all of our nominees, their colleagues and member institutions for all that they do to … Continue reading 2022 ARCC Awards Announcement → Careers UC Boulder Seeking Applications for Two Tenure-Track Positions December 19, 2021 Chris Jarrett Program in Environmental Design, UC Boulder The Program in Environmental Design at the University of Colorado Boulder (CU) is seeking to hire two full-time faculty members, at either the Assistant or Associate Professor level, with an intended start date of Fall 2022. We seek candidates who can teach both studio and lecture courses as well as … Continue reading UC Boulder Seeking Applications for Two Tenure-Track Positions → Careers Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Invites Applications for Two Tenure-Track Searches December 10, 2021 Chris Jarrett College of Architecture & Environmental Design, Cal Poly San Luis Obispo The Architecture Department in the College of Architecture & Environmental Design (CAED) at California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo, invites applications for two tenure-track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor for the academic year beginning September 12, 2022. The Architecture Department offers a Bachelor … Continue reading Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Invites Applications for Two Tenure-Track Searches → Careers Chair Position Opens in the Department of Architecture at Kennesaw State University December 9, 2021 Chris Jarrett Kennesaw State University Kennesaw State University is now accepting applications for a twelve-month, administrative, tenured faculty position as Professor and Chair of the Department of Architecture in the College of Architecture and Construction Management beginning July 1, 2022. Situated within the College of Architecture and Construction Management (CACM), this position reports to the CACM Dean and … Continue reading Chair Position Opens in the Department of Architecture at Kennesaw State University → Careers Virginia Tech Invites Applications for Tenure-Track Position in Environmental Building Systems December 3, 2021 Chris Jarrett Virginia Tech School of Architecture + Design (photo: Kathryn Clarke Albright) Tenure-Track Position in Environmental Building Systems The Virginia Tech School of Architecture + Design seeks applicants for tenure-track faculty position(s) in environmental building systems, environmental technology, sustainability, high-performance buildings, or building science at the Blacksburg campus. Candidates should demonstrate a strong commitment to both … Continue reading Virginia Tech Invites Applications for Tenure-Track Position in Environmental Building Systems → Careers University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Invites Applications for Tenure-Track and Fellowship Searches December 2, 2021 Chris Jarrett School of Architecture & Urban Planning, UW-Milwaukee > TENURE-TRACK POSITION The Department of Architecture at the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee is conducting a search for full-time tenure-track faculty members at the rank of Assistant Professor. There are multiple open teaching positions in the areas of: architectural history and theory; design studios; and social, racial, and environmental … Continue reading University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Invites Applications for Tenure-Track and Fellowship Searches → Careers Georgia Tech Invites Nominations for Chair of the School of Architecture November 29, 2021 Chris Jarrett College of Design, Hinman Building_Adaptive Reuse by Nader Tehrani of NADAAA with Lord Aeck & Sargent The College of Design at Georgia Institute of Technology invites nominations and applications for the Chair of the School of Architecture. We are seeking a strong academic leader who can fuse our strengths in building design and research into … Continue reading Georgia Tech Invites Nominations for Chair of the School of Architecture → Competitions 2022 International VELUX Award for Students November 18, 2021 Chris Jarrett I think light is as material as anything else. James Turrell, Artist The 2022 International VELUX Award is the 10th edition of an international competition for students of architecture, which takes place every two years. Students of architecture from around the world are invited to register their participation and join the community of more than 5000 … Continue reading 2022 International VELUX Award for Students → Careers Texas Tech Opens Two Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in the CoA November 9, 2021 Chris Jarrett Graduate Work, College of Architecture, Texas Tech University > Advanced Building Technology & Design, Assistant or Associate Professor The College of Architecture (CoA) at Texas Tech University invites candidates to apply for fulltime tenure-track/tenured position(s) in Advanced Building Technology (ABT) at the rank of Assistant or Associate Professor. We have two open positions. They are located … Continue reading Texas Tech Opens Two Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in the CoA → Careers UTSA Opens Call for Inaugural Director of the New School of Architecture + Planning (SA+P) November 5, 2021 Chris Jarrett School of Architecture, University of Texas at San Antonio The University of Texas at San Antonio (UTSA) seeks an exceptional candidate to become the inaugural Director for the new School of Architecture + Planning (SA+P). The successful candidate must demonstrate a record of excellence, meriting tenure at the associate or full professor rank and may … Continue reading UTSA Opens Call for Inaugural Director of the New School of Architecture + Planning (SA+P) → Careers Faculty Searches in the College of Design at the University of Minnesota November 2, 2021 Chris Jarrett College of Design, University of Minnesota > DESIGN JUSTICE Design Justice is a new initiative within the College of Design, seeking to create space, policy, and practices that support the inclusion and retention of Black, Indigenous, and people of color (BIPOC) as well as other communities who have been historically underinvested. Design Justice is supported by a group … Continue reading Faculty Searches in the College of Design at the University of Minnesota → Careers University of Massachusetts Amherst Invites Applications for Tenure-Track Faculty October 29, 2021 Chris Jarrett John W. Olver Design Building, University of Massachusetts Amherst > ARCHITECTURE The Department of Architecture at the University of Massachusetts Amherst invites applications for a full-time tenure-track faculty position at the rank of Assistant Professor to teach undergraduate and graduate architecture design studios, and related coursework. The position will begin September 1, 2022. Successful candidates … Continue reading University of Massachusetts Amherst Invites Applications for Tenure-Track Faculty → Careers THREE POSITIONS OPEN IN THE SCHOOL OF ARCHITECTURE AT UNC CHARLOTTE October 29, 2021 Chris Jarrett Storrs Hall, School of Architecture, UNC Charlotte > TECHNOLOGY + DESIGN INTEGRATION The School of Architecture (SoA) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte invites applications from outstanding candidates for a tenure-track position in Building Technology at the rank of Assistant Professor. As digital technologies transform the building industry, from the techniques used to design and execute … Continue reading THREE POSITIONS OPEN IN THE SCHOOL OF ARCHITECTURE AT UNC CHARLOTTE → Careers Assistant Professor Position Opening at NC State October 28, 2021 Chris Jarrett Kamphoefner Hall, College of Design, NC State The School of Architecture at NC State is accepting applications for a tenure-track Assistant Professor position. This position will offer opportunities to teach architecture studios at all levels, lecture courses, and seminars in areas of expertise. The candidate’s portfolio must demonstrate design excellence. Candidates are also expected to … Continue reading Assistant Professor Position Opening at NC State → Careers Dean Position Opening in the College of Architecture at Texas Tech October 25, 2021 Chris Jarrett College of Architecture, Texas Tech University Texas Tech University (TTU) is now accepting inquiries, nominations, and applications for an experienced architectural and academic leader to serve as its next Dean of the College of Architecture. Texas Tech University, founded in 1923, is a public, comprehensive research university that takes pride in providing an environment conducive … Continue reading Dean Position Opening in the College of Architecture at Texas Tech → Conferences Call for Research Projects to be Presented at ARCC-EAAE 2022 in Miami October 22, 2021 Chris Jarrett Mangroves, Oleta River-Miami (photo credit: J Campbell-Ingellis) ARCC-EAAE 2022 invites submissions of research projects from faculty, practitioners, designers, researchers and students that advance the discussion on resilience and the resilient city across a wide range of domains within the built environment. Research may have been conducted as part of ones professional activity, dissertation, master’s thesis or design-research … Continue reading Call for Research Projects to be Presented at ARCC-EAAE 2022 in Miami → Careers Chair Position Opening at the University of Utah October 18, 2021 Chris Jarrett College of Architecture + Planning, University of Utah The University of Utah College of Architecture + Planning is seeking candidates to fill the position of Chair of the Division of Multi-Disciplinary Design at the rank of tenured associate professor or professor. Multi-Disciplinary Design (MDD) at the University of Utah was founded in 2013 as a … Continue reading Chair Position Opening at the University of Utah → Careers University of Kansas Announces Two Faculty Position Openings September 26, 2021 Chris Jarrett The Forum at Marvin Hall, University of Kansas The University of Kansas is pleased to announce two faculty position openings. Application review begins 15 November 2021. > Assistant/Associate Professor of Architecture with Performance-Driven Design and Building Integration The School of Architecture & Design at the University of Kansas invites applications for a tenure/tenure-track position of … Continue reading University of Kansas Announces Two Faculty Position Openings → News New Year: 2021-2022 ARCC Officers_ Congratulations! September 24, 2021 Chris Jarrett 2021-2022 ARCC Officers ARCC is pleased to announce the 2021-2022 Officers of the ARCC Board of Directors. ARCC is a non-profit 501(3)c organization. Officers volunteer their time, expertise and energy to sustain the growth and advancement of ARCC and the culture of architectural research more broadly. Congratulations and special thanks to this year’s officers! Your … Continue reading New Year: 2021-2022 ARCC Officers_ Congratulations! → Awards, News Announcement of the 2021 King Medal Award Recipients September 24, 2021 Chris Jarrett 2021 King Medal Award, Ashkan Radnia, University of North Carolina at Charlotte 2021 KING MEDAL Recipients Named in honor of the late Jonathan King, co-founder and first president of the Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC), this award is given to one student per ARCC member college, school, institute, or unit. Selection of recipients is at … Continue reading Announcement of the 2021 King Medal Award Recipients → Awards, News Graduate Student Scholarships to Attend ARCC-EAAE 2022 September 18, 2021 Chris Jarrett 1111 Lincoln Road, Miami, Herzog & de Meuron (photo credit: Hufton + Crow) An important part of the mission of ARCC is to support the production and dissemination of graduate student research. ARCC is pleased to offer a limited number of graduate student scholarships to attend ARCC-EAAE 2022. For more information, click here. Posts navigation 1 2 … 7 Next → ARCC2023 ARCC-EAAE2022 ENQ Sign Up for ARCC Updates Email news@arcc-arch.org to be added to our contact list Recent Posts Call for Abstracts: Relevance of Doctoral Research in Architecture ASSISTANT/ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF ARCHITECTURE IN INTEGRATED DESIGN POSTION IN THE UNIVERSITY OF KANSAS ASSISTANT OR ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR POSITION: ARCHITECTURE + COMPUTATION + MAKING AT CLEMSON UNIVERSITY International Velux Award 2022 Announces Global Student Winners ASSOCIATE DEAN AND ARCHITECTURE PROGRAM DIRECTOR POSITIONS AT KENT STATE UNIVERSITY ©2016 ARCC, Architectural Research Centers Consortium. All rights reserved. Loading Comments... You must be logged in to post a comment.