Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Image Image Welcome to TECHlanta: The Capital of the New South The city of Atlanta is more than just Georgia Tech. Development is booming across the city's 242 neighborhoods. The Atlanta BeltLine, a mixed use trail designed by Tech graduate Ryan Gravel, connects dozens of these communities with art, dining, parks, and more. Despite the modern skylines, Atlanta has one of the largest urban tree canopies, much of which is in Piedmont Park, a 185-acre greenspace a mile from campus. You can float on the Chattahoochee River, boat around Lake Lanier, or hike in dozens of state parks. And thanks in part to America's No. 7 public university, Georgia Tech, Atlanta is being hailed as a tech hub by everyone from highly-skilled technology-focused college graduates to leaders of major corporations and all the key players in between. Just take a look at the headlines: Atlanta Named One of Top 10 U.S. Cities for Innovation Atlanta's Tech Scene is Growing Startups in Incubators, Universities, and Accelerators Atlanta Named Top 5 Tech Talent Market, Sees Tech Jobs and Wages Increase As major corporations move in, startups continue to settle in hotspots like Tech Square, and highly qualified talent remains abundant in the area as tech-focused college students tap into research opportunities in the area, Atlanta is solidifying itself as a cornerstone for technological innovation in the world. Whether you're looking for a tech hub, yearning for experiences in the arts, searching for the great outdoors, or hoping to enjoy dining, music, and exciting hometown sports, one thing is clear ... Atlanta is the place to be to Create the Next. Remote video URL Community The GT Computing Community Office of Outreach, Enrollment & Community Student Organizations Career Development Internships & Co-Ops Career Fairs Startups & Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Tutoring Assistance Community Outreach Career Services Career Services for OMSCS An Innovation Hub Atlanta is a top 10 North American city for corporate innovation. Home to Technology Square, an eight block-wide section of Midtown developed by Georgia Tech and devoted to innovation, the city hosts global brands such as Coca-Cola, The Home Depot, NCR Corporation, and many more. Recently, the area saw the completion of Coda, the pinnacle of innovation at Tech Square. Learn more: Technology Square Coda at Tech Square Arts & Lifestyle Whether looking for music and art, theater and film, or dining and retail, Atlanta is home to one of the most unique and diverse communities around. The Atlanta BeltLine, a mixed-use trail still in development, connects dozens of the city's neighborhoods with art, restaurants, and markets, including large food halls Krog Street and Ponce City markets. If you're looking for a show, you can head to the Woodruff Arts Center for Broadway-bound shows; if you'd like an exhibition, check out the High Museum of Art; for music, you can explore any one of a variety of venues, large and small, that host acts from small up-and-comers to global touring superstars. A Consequential History In the early 1960s, Atlanta became the center of one of the most significant cultural movements in the United States, the Civil Rights Movement. Well-known leaders like Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., John Lewis, and many more, helped grow the movement within the city and beyond, and Atlanta became a hub for prominent Black-owned businesses, historically black colleges and universities, and more. Today, you can learn more about Atlanta's rich history for social change by visiting sites like the historic Ebenezer Baptist Church, where Dr. King preached, the King Center, the Center for Civil and Human Rights, Atlanta Pride, one of the oldest and largest LGBT+ pride festivals in the country, among others. The Great Outdoors The Great Outdoors Everyone likes a break from their screens on occasion, and Atlanta offers a host of options to stretch your legs and hit the great outdoors. Visit one of the city's sprawling parks, most notably the 185-acre Piedmont Park just a mile from campus, float the Chattahoochee River, boat around Lake Lanier, or hike dozens of state parks and trails. If you have a long weekend and want to get away, you can even be at the beach inside of five hours. Learn more about Atlanta's outdoor options. A City United Nothing unites a city quite like its hometown sports teams. Atlanta is home to a host of them, including the Atlanta Falcons, Atlanta Braves, Atlanta Hawks, Atlanta Dream, and, the city's newest champion, Atlanta United F.C. With new venues like Mercedes-Benz Stadium, Truist Park and the Battery Atlanta, and the newly renovated State Farm Arena, it has become about much more than just the competition -- they are must-see social experiences. Additional Resources City of Atlanta Atlanta Chamber of Commerce Metropolitan Atlanta Rapid Transit Authority (MARTA) Atlanta Public Schools Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…