Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Degree Programs The world of computing is diverse and ever changing. No matter how you dream of changing your world, the Georgia Tech College of Computing can help you make it happen. Top Nationally Ranked Programs The College of Computing boasts Bachelor’s, Master’s and doctoral degrees that are consistently ranked in the Top 10 in the nation. Within these programs, the College has developed highly customizable routes through which our world-class faculty and staff assist Georgia Tech students in reaching their goals. Apply Now Contact Us Bachelor's Degrees & Minors B.S./M.S. Program in Computer Science Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Bachelor of Science in Computer Science Minor in Computational Data Analysis Minor in Computing & Devices Minor in Computing & Information Internetworks Minor in Computing & Intelligence Minor in Computing & Media Minor in Computing & People Minor in Computing & Systems and Architecture Minor in Computing & Theory Minor in Scientific Engineering and Computing Master's Degrees B.S./M.S. Program in Computer Science M.S. Computational Science and Engineering Master of Science in Analytics Master of Science in Bioengineering Master of Science in Computational Science & Engineering - Distance Learning Master of Science in Computer Science Master of Science in Cybersecurity Master of Science in Human-Computer Interaction Master of Science in Robotics Online Master of Science in Computer Science (OMS CS) Doctoral Degrees Ph.D. in Algorithms, Combinatorics & Optimization Ph.D. in Bioengineering Ph.D. in Bioinformatics Ph.D. in Computational Science and Engineering Ph.D. in Computer Science Ph.D. in Human-Centered Computing Ph.D. in Machine Learning Ph.D. in Robotics Tuition and Financial Aid Distance Learning Dual Degree Option International Study College Advising Research Areas Student Highlights Image Haekyu Park Fintech Fellowship Haekyu Park is a School of Computational Science and Engineering Ph.D. student creating new methods to increase the interpretability of artificial intelligence for users. Image Prerna Ravi Adobe Research Scholar CS major Prerna Ravi is the recent winner of a 2021 Adobe Research Women-in-Technology Scholarship and participating in research in Georgia Tech’s Contextual Computing Lab. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…