Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image International Study Education Abroad Experience: An adventurous way to pursue your academic and professional goals while having the time of your life. Become a global citizen as a part of your Georgia Tech experience! Whether you’re a graduate student interested in a dual-degree program in France, an undergraduate student hoping to spend a summer in Spain, or looking to gain work experience through an internship in Korea, the Office of International Programs at the College of Computing can help you find the best opportunity for your goals. Georgia Tech has many international options in just about every destination that captures the imagination. For questions, contact Laura Wise Person, Office of International Programs at the College of Computing. Undergraduate Students Graduate Students Undergraduate Students As we expand boundaries of knowledge and technology, completing an international experience is crucial for you to remain competitive in the global job market. Before graduating, every student at Georgia Tech is encouraged to participate in one (or more) of the 40+ education abroad experiences. During this time, you’ll learn valuable transactional competencies, such as: • Cross-cultural communication skills • Flexibility and resilience • Analytical skills • The ability to adapt to new circumstances • A deep understanding of local customs and cultural contexts There are several Faculty-Led Study Abroad (FLSA) and Exchange programs that are well-suited for Computing undergraduate students. These programs are designed specifically for CS/CM majors and/or typically offer computer science courses regularly as a part of their full course offerings. The programs include: • Barcelona Summer Program (College of Computing) • Berlin Summer Program (College of Computing) • China Summer Program • Oxford Summer Program • Pacific Spring Program • Georgia Tech-Lorraine (GTL) (fall, spring, summer semesters) • IT University of Copenhagen Exchange (fall or year-long) You can browse all study abroad or exchange opportunities through Atlas, Georgia Tech’s online application portal for education abroad programs. Narrow your search by parameters including location, program type, duration, major, etc. Interested in the College of Computing’s study abroad programs? Designed with Computing students in mind, but open to all majors, these programs are a fantastic way to spend your summer while earning credits towards your CS or CM degree! Learn more about the Barcelona Summer Program here. Learn more about the Berlin Summer Program here. Graduate Students Today, rapidly expanding boundaries of knowledge and technology have brought the world closer than ever before. Employers know that students who have successfully completed an education abroad program attain international market knowledge and other valuable transnational competencies, such as: • Cross-cultural communication skills • Flexibility and resilience • Analytical skills • The ability to adapt to new circumstances • A deep understanding of local customs and cultural contexts The College of Computing provides our graduate students with the opportunity to study abroad and earn two Master's degrees -- one from Georgia Tech and one from a partner European university. Georgia Tech-Lorraine (GTL) Complete your MSCS at Georgia Tech-Lorraine, Georgia Tech's European campus in Metz. France. Or, split your time between the Lorraine and Atlanta campuses-- the choice is yours. There is also an option to complete a dual-degree program from one of GTL’s top-tier partner institutions in Europe and North Africa. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…