Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation College of Computing Main navigation About Advisory Board Awards Community Contact Facts and Rankings Leadership College Administration Techlanta Faculty Position Opportunities Website Feedback Form Future Students Degree Programs Graduate Degrees Minors Threads Undergraduate Degrees Online Education Tuition and Financial Aid Funding Sources Current Students Academic Resources Advising Program Advising Undergraduate Advising Registration Dates Career Fair International Study Tutoring Assistance Career Services Entrepreneurship Mentoring Program Office of Community and Student Engagement FASET 2022 Schools School of Computing Instruction School of Computational Science and Engineering School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing News & Events News Upcoming Events Calendar Press Contacts The Compiler People Directory Faculty Staff PhD Students Alumni Hall of Fame Research Facilities Interdisciplinary Research Institutes Research Areas Research Centers About Research Centers Constellations Center for Equity in Computing Undergrad Research Broadening Participation in Computing Industry Corporate Affiliates Program Corporate Recruiting Support the College Open Search Search Search Image Prospective Graduate Students Applying for admission to one of more than 15 graduate-level degree offerings at Georgia Tech’s College of Computing is your first step to becoming a graduate of one of the nation’s top-ranked graduate computing programs. Are you a sharp, ambitious, talented college graduate? Looking to become an expert in your chosen field - with an advanced degree from a top-tier research institution? If so, you are in the right place. Why choose Georgia Tech’s College of Computing? Georgia Tech’s College of Computing is home to the 8th ranked graduate computer science program according to the U.S. News and World Report rankings. We’re more than our rankings, though; Georgia Tech is a gateway to your inspiration. When you become a part of the GT family, you will be immersed in an educational experience alongside some of the brightest, most talented, and most motivated students in the country. If you choose one of the College of Computing’s Master or PhD programs, you will be taught by some of the finest computing minds in the world. You will have opportunities to work on cutting-edge research, to intern in some of the biggest companies in the world, to use your computing skills to serve others, and even to build your own entrepreneurial skills. The College of Computing’s Graduate Degree Programs From our M.S. in Computer Science to our Ph.D. in Machine Learning, the College of Computing offers a variety of interdisciplinary graduate degree programs and specializations that span across the College’s schools, as well as Georgia Tech’s six Colleges. In addition to our on-campus programs, the College of Computing is changing the landscape of graduate computing programs through our three online master's degrees in computer science, analytics, and cybersecurity. Learn more about the College of Computing’s graduate degree programs Ready to join GT Computing? Image If you're ready to apply to join the GT Computing family, visit Georgia Tech’s Office of Graduate Studies to learn more about the application process, requirements, and important deadlines. Apply to Georgia Tech Our Schools School of Computer Science School of Cybersecurity and Privacy School of Interactive Computing School of Computational Science and Engineering CoC Twitter Feed Tweets by gtcomputing Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN Resources GT Footer menu 0 Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum GT Footer menu 1 Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research College of Computing Resources Menu College of Computing Resources Intranet GT Footer menu 2 Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Center Co-ops & Internships Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Division of Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid News Feed Professor Deploying Anti-plagiarism Detection Tool on 900-student Course Interactive Computing professor Thad Starner is teaching one of the… Dual Fellowship Awards Underscore Computer Science Professor’s Research Impact A Georgia Tech computer science professor is being recognized with back… New Faculty Member Brings a Fearless Approach to Ubiquitous Computing Alexander Adams has made the transition from full-time musician to full…