Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues</a> AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Membership > Pay Chapter Dues Pay Chapter Dues Chapter Dues are the annual payment from the chapter as a whole and are due by November 1st of the current school year, which allows us to make sure your chapter is in good standing as we head into the election season. Chapter dues are $275 for universities/colleges and $140 for community colleges. *Please note that international chapters and high school chapters are not required to pay chapter dues. Chapter Dues primarily fund the organization’s insurance policy. This policy provides risk mitigation to the national organization and national office as well as to each individual chapter, including many of the events that they hold locally. Should you need information on the insurance policy or need to request a Certificate of Insurance for a local event, please contact the national office at mailbox@aias.org or 202-808-0075. Requirements of a Chapter In Good Standing: Chapter Dues are paid You must have 11 active members Your Chapter President must be an active AIAS member A Chapter In Good Standing means: Your chapter is eligible to vote in the National Elections during the Winter Council of Presidents meeting You chapter and members can submit to the National Honor Awards Your chapter will be listed on our website, can use the AIAS name and logo, and will be covered by our insurance Pay Now You can pay your Chapter Dues by one of two ways: 1. Via PayPal at the link below. Please make sure to include your school name for our records! Dues Type College / University $275.00 USDCommunity College $140.00 USD Chapter/School Name 2. Write a check. Please make payable to AIAS and mail to: American Institute of Architecture Students Attn: AIAS Executive Director 1735 New York Ave 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 Your Chapter Dues are waived if your school decides to become a Collegiate Associate. Learn more about our Collegiate Associates. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings