Skip to Main Content <strong data-cart-timer="" role="text"></strong> Navigation Kennedy Center Kennedy Center Page Navigation What’s On Visit Digital Stage Support Education Our Story Memorial Shop Partner Organizations National Symphony Orchestra Washington National Opera Utility Donate Donate Navigation Kennedy Center Utility Donate Donate Toggle Menu Page Navigation What’s On Visit Digital Stage Support Education Our Story Memorial Shop Partner Organizations National Symphony Orchestra Washington National Opera Our Story / Kennedy Center 50 / New Works Cartography The Cartography Project A new curatorial music program... led by the National Symphony Orchestra and Washington National Opera, and one of the five pillars of the Kennedy Center's Social Impact work, The Cartography Project is a multi-year commissioning project engaging artists from around the nation to map Black dignity as a cultural response to extrajudicial violence. A Social Impact Initiative About the Project Inspired by the National Memorial for Peace and Justice, a visual interpretation of the moral trauma of our history, The Cartography Project seeks to use music as both a source of healing and a way to open dialogue about the future of anti-racism. The NSO, WNO, and Kennedy Center will be commissioning composers and librettists from regions spanning the entire country to create work that responds to an event that has occurred in that region and also asks, “Where do we go from here?” Comprising eight works that together create a musical map of these incidents, the commissions, which will premiere during the 50th Anniversary season, focus on the road forward on our country’s racial timeline with an emphasis on the concept of “Black Dignity.” Read More in the Press Release Watch the Docuseries All Episodes Now Available An introduction to the Cartography initiative. Carlos Simon (Composer) Marc Bamuthi Joseph (Poet/Narrator) Washington National Opera Katerina Burton (Soprano) • Karen Lowry-Tucker (Violin) • Amy Baumgartner (Violoncello) • Robert Ainsley (Piano) Liz Gre (Composer) Junauda Petrus-Nasah (Librettist) Washington National Opera Amber R. Monroe (Soprano) • Dana Scott (Piano) • Karen Lowry-Tucker (Violin) • Amy Baumgartner (Violoncello) • Christian Gray (Violoncello) Derek Douglas Carter (Composer) National Symphony Orchestra Paul Cigan (Clarinet) • Ruth Wicker (Viola) • Paul Denola (Bass) • Jiyoung Oh (Piano) "The piece itself begins and ends with a lullaby, and has a momentary escape in the middle to explore dreams." — Derek Douglas Carter Jasmine Arielle-Barnes (Composer), Joshua Banbury (Libretto) washington national opera With Suzannah Waddington, soprano; Daniel J. Smith, baritone; Roderick Demmings, Jr.; Raymond O. Caldwell, director Jens Ibsen (Composer), Yasmina Ibsen (Libretto) WNO Commission; Oakland, ca With Katerina Burton, soprano; Amber R. Monroe, soprano; Robert Ainsley, piano Jessica MAYS, composer (NSO commission; Aurora, CO) With Heather LeDoux Green and Jane Bowyer Stewart, violins; Eric deWaardt, viola; David Teie, cello; Jeffrey Weisner, double bass; Scott Christian, percussion Nathaniel HEYDER, composer (NSO commission; Cleveland, OH) With Paul Cigan, clarinet; Robert Rearden, horn; Jennifer Mondie, viola; Britton Riley, cello; Scott Christian, percussion B.E. Boykin, composer; Brittny Ray Crowell, libretto (WNO commission; Atlanta, GA) With Martin Bakari, tenor; Amy Frost Baumgarten, cello; Dana Scott, piano Carousel Controls Previous slide. Next slide. Cartography In Concert PREMIERED March 15 and 16 For its first installment, The Cartography Project included eight new commissions. These received live world premiere performances from WNO singers and members of the NSO and WNO Orchestras in an evening-length program at Studio K in the Kennedy Center’s new REACH expansion on March 15 and 16. Learn More A Collaboration on Black Dignity Newly appointed Composer-in-Residence Carlos Simon, in collaboration with Kennedy Center Vice President and Artistic Director of Social Impact Marc Bamuthi Joseph, will create an overarching work centering the concept of Black Dignity that underlies the project. Marc Bamuthi Joseph Carlos Simon NSO Team Learn More about Derek Carter Composer Learn More about Derek Carter Learn More about Nathaniel Heyder Composer Learn More about Nathaniel Heyder Learn More about Jessica Mays Composer Learn More about Jessica Mays WNO Teams Learn More about Brittney Boykin (B.E. Boykin) Composer Learn More about Brittney Boykin (B.E. Boykin) Learn More about Brittny Crowell Librettist Learn More about Brittny Crowell Learn More about Jasmine Arielle-Barnes Composer Learn More about Jasmine Arielle-Barnes Learn More about Joshua Banbury Librettist Learn More about Joshua Banbury Learn More about Liz Gre (née Lassiter) Composer Learn More about Liz Gre (née Lassiter) Learn More about Junauda Petrus-Nasah Librettist Learn More about Junauda Petrus-Nasah Learn More about Jens Ibsen Composer Learn More about Jens Ibsen Learn More about Yasmina Ibsen Librettist Learn More about Yasmina Ibsen MECCA Filmworks Learn More about T.L. Benton Filmmaker Learn More about T.L. Benton Social Impact Initiatives at the Kennedy Center The Kennedy Center’s Long-Term Social Impact Initiatives Explore our iterative strategies and specific actions to foster anti-racism within the organization and across the performing arts. See What We're Doing Open video The Kennedy Center’s Long-Term Social Impact Initiatives Explore our iterative strategies and specific actions to foster anti-racism within the organization and across the performing arts. See What We're Doing Sponsors Mellon Foundation Bank of America Additional support provided by The Bernstein Family Foundation, Diane and Norman Bernstein Foundation, the Ford Foundation, David C. Frederick and Sophia Lynn, the Microsoft Corporation, and the Orlebeke Foundation Site Footer Info, Contact & Actions News Room Careers About Us Rentals Gift Certificates Contact Us Top Directions & Policies Directions & Parking Box Office Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions Social Media Copyright 1990-2023. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions which describe our use of cookies. Reserve Tickets Review Cart You have 0 items in your cart. Your cart is empty. Keep Exploring Proceed to Cart & Checkout Donate Today Support the performing arts with your donation To join or renew as a Member, please visit our Membership page. To make a donation in memory of someone, please visit our Memorial Donation page. $20.00 $50.00 $100.00 $500.00 $1,000.00 Custom Other Choose a designation All Kennedy Center Programs National Symphony Orchestra Washington National Opera Social Impact Programs Kennedy Center Education Continue