Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join Welcome to AIAS The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) is an independent, nonprofit, student-run organization dedicated to advancing leadership, design, and service among architecture students. Learn about who we are, what we do, and where we operate. National 2023 Northeast Quad Conference – “SP[ARCH]” 2023 South Quad Conference – “Revival” 2023 West Quad Conference – “Extremes: Urban Adaptation and Innovation” 2023 Midwest Quad Conference – “RE-imagine” Introducing the 2023-2024 AIAS Board of Directors 2023 Virtual Portfolio Review and Career Expo More . . Northeast Quad 2023 Northeast Quad Conference – “SP[ARCH]” August 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Matthew Tepper WTF is Grassroots: Re-Imagined More South Quad 2023 South Quad Conference – “Revival” October 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kitty Graham WTF is Grassroots: Re-Imagined More Midwest Quad 2023 Midwest Quad Conference – “RE-imagine” September 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Brandon Sarrett March Chapter Leader of the Month: Liz Fraka More West Quad 2023 West Quad Conference – “Extremes: Urban Adaptation and Innovation” December 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kevin Cuate April 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Heraclio (Paco) Rubio-Guerrero More International November 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Mia Karim July 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Carolina Gutiérrez WTF is Grassroots: Re-Imagined More Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Follow AIAS on Instagram Something is wrong. Instagram token error. View More 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings