Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Chapters > Chapter Leader of the Month December 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kevin Cuate Each month, the AIAS highlights the outstanding dedication and accomplishments of one of its members. The Chapter Leader of the Month can be a Chapter President or any member who has shown tremendous leadership. Nominate December 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kevin Cuate California Polytechnic State University, San Luis Obispo Kevin Cuate is currently a third-year architecture student with a minor in construction management at Cal Poly San Luis Obispo. Growing up, he always had an interest in design and how it can help improve our daily lives. He says that, “Being part of our AIAS chapter has been a great experience that has helped me improve my leadership skills while connecting with more people in the same major. When applying to be part of the club I wanted to be in a position that helped improve the environment of our college, since, in a way, our COVID year made it difficult for people to connect with others, so I decided to apply for the social event coordinator position. To start off the year I contributed to helping plan a welcome back event for our college which was a Sandcastle building competition at our local beach followed by a bonfire. This was a way to get everyone together before school started and help create the tone for the school year. In addition to this I have helped plan other events like the mentor-mentee mentorship program, a movie night, and trivia night.” Kevin’s nominator, Jillian Villegas, says, “Despite this being his first time serving on the AIAS board, Kevin has done an excellent job as Social Events Coordinator. He has only been serving for four weeks and has already co-planned two large social events: Sandcastle Competition w/ Social Bonfire (a new event here at Cal Poly) and Mentor-Mentee Kick-Off. Both events had a relatively high turnout, with 30-50 members attending, and ran smoothly. He also makes an effort to be involved in the planning and execution of non-social events. For example, he ran our Club Showcase booth, and he went door-to-door promoting our Photography Workshop to each studio. On top of that, he is always active in board meetings, providing useful input and new ideas. During our summer planning session, he proposed hosting an Architecture Fashion Show, Architecture Formal, Pumpkin Carving Event, and Pie a Professor.” WHAT BENJAMIN MOORE® COLOR BEST REPRESENTS YOUR PERSONALITY AND WHY? The Ben Moore color that best represents Kevin is Sanctuary AF-620. He says, “I feel like in a way, the color adapts to its surroundings but is the same at the same time (and purple is one of my favorite colors).” This ‘Chapter Leader of the Month’ feature is sponsored by the Benjamin Moore. Previous Chapter Leaders of the Month November 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Mia Karim October 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kitty Graham September 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Brandon Sarrett August 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Matthew Tepper July 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Carolina Gutiérrez April 2022 Chapter Leader of the Month: Heraclio (Paco) Rubio-Guerrero March Chapter Leader of the Month: Liz Fraka October Chapter Leaders(!) of the Month: Adeline Leung and Angela Chung September Chapter Leader of the Month: Intellect Chen November Chapter Leader of the Month: Ethan Sandburg October 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Rahmah Davis September Chapter Leader of the Month: Colt Brock April 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Anh Luc March Chapter Leader of the Month: Stephanie Handy February 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Katie Cherrier January 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Jennifer Pineda November 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Hunter Thurlo October 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Haley Evans September 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Nicholas Romero August 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Elizabeth Caccavano June 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Scott Cornelius May 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Haley Rogers April 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Elizabeth Wilson March 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Dallas Chavez February 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Reuben Cheeks January 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Lindsey Reynolds December 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Tommy Hernandez November 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Stephanie Aranda October 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Lori North September 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Austin Hurrell August 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Taylor Chadwick July 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Luke Viscusi June 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Forrest Wood May 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Mariah Tobin April 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Diego Corona March 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Sophie Nahrmann February 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Victoria Wong January 2018 Chapter Leader of the Month: Alex Siegel December 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Collin Tanner November 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Kevin McManus October 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Rafael Rico September 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Courtney Sturgis July 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Dillon Reese June 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Anna Anklin May 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Samantha Callender April 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Robyn Payne March 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Madison Wickstrom February 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Roxy Treviño January 2017 Chapter Leader of the Month: Rob Miller December 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Devon Zurcher November 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Dominic Armendariz October 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Cameron Kayne September 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Carolyn Crego August 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Justin Pagorek July 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Nikki Hall June 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Ana-Sofia Gonzalez May 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Ryan Cusack April 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Richard Shafer February 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Ricardo de Jesús Maga Rojas January 2016 Chapter Leader of the Month: Shannon Haley December 2015 Chapter Leader of the Month: Sarah Martinez 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings