Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits</li> Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > About > About About What We are Working Toward VISION: A more sustainable, healthy, and equitable future through the empowerment of student voices, ideas, and actions. What We Do MISSION: Advancing leadership, design, and service among architecture students We promote excellence in architecture education, and training: Architectural practice is constantly evolving and we understand that a large part of this evolution begins within education. The AIAS strives to be ahead of the curve; providing our members with invaluable experiences that will prepare them for entering the profession and beyond. We foster an appreciation of architecture, design and related disciplines: Our events and programs are geared towards encouraging students to discover and ignite their true passions. Each AIAS opportunity is developed to appeal to students of varying backgrounds, experience levels, and interests. We enrich communities in a spirit of collaboration: Through the Freedom by Design™ program and other community outreach, we empower our members and students as a whole to be good citizens on their campuses and in their communities. We organize students and combine their efforts to advance the art and policy of architecture: We are the sole student voice in the discussion and decision-making process in a strategic alliance that includes the American Institute of Architects (AIA), the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture (ACSA), the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB), the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB), and the National Organization of Minority Architects (NOMA). Who We Are The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) is an independent, nonprofit, student-run organization dedicated to providing unmatched progressive programs, information, and resources on issues critical to architecture and the experience of education. The AIAS aims to promote excellence in architectural education, training, and practice; to foster an appreciation of architecture and related disciplines; to enrich communities in a spirit of collaboration; and to organize students and combine their efforts to advance the art and science of architecture. These value statements reflect our programs, events, initiatives, and culture that can help tell the story of an AIAS member. AIAS VALUE STATEMENTS: IMPACT: We advocate for and enact positive change. COMMUNITY: We foster an inclusive network of peers that learn from, support, and drive one another. GROWTH: We inspire students to reach their greatest potential through meaningful learning opportunities. PASSION: We pursue large goals and aspirations through each member’s enthusiasm. PERSPECTIVE: We link the profession’s opportunities to architectural education. BALANCE: We promote respectful relationships, an environment of diversity, and a thriving studio culture 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings