Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > About > Governance Governance The AIAS is governed by the Bylaws and a ten-member Board of Directors that meets at least four times each school year. The Board and the activities of the organization are guided by the input provided by the Council of Presidents (COP) that meets twice each year. The COP is comprised of one delegate from each chapter in good standing. To be a chapter in good standing, the chapter must be current in payment of chapter dues, have more than ten individual members and be in compliance with the AIAS Bylaws. AIAS Bylaws AIAS Rules of the Board AIAS Public Policies AIAS Code of Ethics 2022-2024 AIAS Strategic Plan <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> Values Impact We advocate for and enact positive change. Community We foster an inclusive network of peers that learn from, support, and drive one another. Growth We inspire students to reach their greatest potential through meaningful learning opportunities. Passion We pursue large goals and aspirations through each member’s enthusiasm. Perspective We link the professional’s opportunities to architectural education. Balance We promote respectful relationships, an environment of diversity, and a thriving studio culture. Strategic Goals In 2018, the AIAS Board of Directors completed the strategic goals for the next few years of the organization. With these goals, the AIAS aims to provide value to you, our member, through programs and services that benefit: YOUR PRESENT Build content, culture, and community that reflects the values of the AIAS YOUR NEAR FUTURE Support your network of current and past members to advance member enrichment YOUR FUTURE Highlight how the study of architecture can raise the value of design beyond the architectural community Educate and empower advocates of design to address and create innovative solutions for emerging global issues 2018 Strategic Plan Standing Committees The AIAS has a number of committees, advisory, and working groups that function as advisory or working groups of the Board and report regularly to the Board on the work performed. Governance Committee The Governance Committee is responsible for periodically evaluating governance issues of the organization and make recommendations as appropriate to the Board. Chair: Scott Cornelius, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS Past-President Board Liaison: Tristan Osorio, AIAS, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS West Quad Director Staff Liaison: Larry H. Hoffer | Executive Director Members: Cooper Moore, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS President Nathan Robey | Marywood University Sara Taketatsu | AIAS Alumni Rebecca Hennings | Montana State University Ashwin Raman S K | AIAS India James Armendariz | NewSchool of Architecture & Design Ishika Aggarwal | Pratt Institute Natalie Haggard | Oklahoma State University Yahya Abu Hajleh | An Najah National University Charges: Perform a thorough review of all governing documents, including but not limited to the National Bylaws, the Rules of the Board, and Public Policies, to ensure accurate representation of the current state of the organization. Evaluate the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, and in collaboration with the Board and the Executive Director begin developing goals for a 2024-2027 Strategic Plan. Based on review of governing documents, provide suggestions to the Board on simplifying and ensuring the relevance of the National Bylaws. Finance Committee The Finance Committee shall be responsible to act in conjunction with the executive director in the preparation of the annual budget for review and approval by the full Board. The Finance Committee shall be entitled to request and receive periodic reports from the outside auditor. It may also periodically evaluate the organization’s financial status and make suggestions and recommendations to the national office and the Board. Chair: Nicole Bass, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS Vice President Board Liaison: Ethan Sandburg, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS Midwest Quad Director Staff Liaison: Larry H. Hoffer | Executive Director Members: Shannon DeFranza, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS Past Vice President Lauren Maloney | University of Kansas Jade Marielle Giron | NewSchool of Architecture & Design Saad Yaish | An Najah National University Adan Hernandez | University of Texas Arlington Qasem Nimer | An Najah National University Ivan Mota-Sanchez | Ball State University Kai Smith | Oklahoma State University Charges: Work with the Executive Director to review the bi-annual audit of the organization. Research organizations and clubs at Community Colleges and make recommendations for the reassessment of dues for chapters at Community Colleges. Encourage and facilitate networking and collaboration between chapter Treasurers. Communicate with the Programs staff member to ensure the AIAS’s partnership and fundraising efforts are aligned with student values. Assist the FBDAC in developing resources or guides to raising and managing funds for FBD Directors. Continue to collaborate with the CoGR to assess dues structure for International chapters and members. Membership Committee The Membership Committee shall find means for advancement in the quality of membership by periodically evaluating the specific needs of the membership. Chair: Nicole Bass, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS Vice President Board Liaison: Colt Brock, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS South Quad Director Staff Liaison: Elizabeth Caccavano, AIAS, Assoc. AIA | Director of Membership & Marketing Members: Aaron Wagnitz | Oklahoma State University Ali Amr Ali | October 6 University Michael Zima | Illinois Institute of Technology Ritika Iyer | Northeastern University Binta Balde | University of Memphis Christina Mock | Pennsylvania State University Kinda Hawash | An Najah National University Esther Umoh | University of Houston Charges: Host Town Halls and collect data for the purpose of exploring and assessing the value of AIAS membership. Develop other content and programming to explain the value of AIAS membership. Oversee and expand the AIAS Chapter Alumni Mentorship Program (CAMP). Communicate with the AIAS National Staff to ensure the AIAS’s partnership and fundraising efforts are aligned with student values. Personnel Committee The Personnel Committee shall be responsible for evaluating the performance of the executive director and officers as per the outline of responsibilities defined in the executive director’s and officers’ employment contract, in the Bylaws and the Rules of the Board, and in any other performance guidelines and goals defined by the committee and previously agreed to by the executive director and officers. Chair: Ricardo Rodriguez, Assoc. AIA, LEED AP, ACI | 2020-2023 AIA Liaison Board Liaison: Julia Andor, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS Northeast Quad Director Members: Scott Cornelius, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS Past President Beth Lundell Garver, AIA, NCARB | 2021-2024 ACSA Liaison Anne Smith, FAIA, NCARB, LEED BD+C | 2022-2025 NCARB Liaison Catherine Chattergoon, NOMAS, AIAS | 2022-2023 NOMA Liaison Charges: Serve as a mentorship component for the Executive Director. Conduct appraisals of the Officers and Executive Director bi-annually, update and improve the appraisal process. Review the Committee’s scope and purpose in the Bylaws and Rules of the Board and make recommendations for changes to the Board of Directors. Evaluate salaries for AIAS National Officers and establish an appropriate compensation framework in keeping with economic changes Freedom By Design Advisory Committee The Freedom by Design Advisory Committee serves as the primary training, outreach, support, curatorial, and innovation arm of the Freedom by Design program. The committee holds five primary charges outlined in the Rules of the Board. Chair: Michelle Tapia | University of Nevada Las Vegas Board Liaison: Cooper Moore, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS President Members: Trevin Thompson | Washington State University Zachary Brown | Savannah College of Art and Design Nadine Hashaykeh | An Najah National University Lauren Von Arx | University of Wisconsin Milwaukee Majd Odeh | An Najah National University Enrique Castro | NewSchool of Architecture and Design Ahmad Al Bissani | Lebanese American University Sam Stayn | Milton Academy Charges: Direct and/or perform training for Freedom by Design Directors at Grassroots and FORUM. Communicate with chapters and track all projects throughout the year. Support chapters throughout the year regarding waivers, liability, design mentors, construction mentors, school relations, fundraising, and Freedom by Design best practices. Collect and curate content documenting completed projects in conjunction with the AIAS National Office. In collaboration with the Finance Committee, develop resources or guides to raising and managing funds for FBD Directors. Maintain the official Freedom by Design national Instagram account ETHICS COMMITTEE The Ethics Committee shall further refine the Code of Ethics and will investigate necessary logistics for implementation. Chair: Shillpa Kumar | University of Texas Arlingtion Board Liaison: Cooper Moore, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2021-2022 AIAS President Members: Trevor Werthmann | Lawrence Technological University Michael Boongaling | University of Memphis Nicholas Clark | Kansas State University Elizabeth Raymond | Savannah College of Art and Design Bryan Torres | University of Memphis Charges: Reconsider and update the AIAS Code of Ethics to be of best use to the organization. Stand as needed in response to Ethics violations. Increase the visibility and public awareness of the Code of the Ethics. COUNCIL OF GLOBAL REPRESENTATIVES COMMITTEE The Council of Global Representatives is responsible for assisting the AIAS in developing resources that express student values, priorities, and school culture in different regions of the international membership. The Council is also a discussion group that represents the opinions and voice of international members studying in the US or abroad. Chair: Ayman Bitar | An Najah National University Board Liaison: Paulina Garza Gonzalez, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS Latin America Regional Director Board Liaison: Marcelle El Achkar, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS Middle East Regional Director Members: Cooper Moore, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS President Insherah Alhajrasi | University of Houston Sara Manasfi | Louisiana State University Mia Karim | Holy Spirit University of Kaslik Melisa Gonzalez | Universidad de Monterrey Anum Azhar | TNS Beaconhouse Doha Yasser | Ain Shams University Reem El-Shekshaky | October 6 University Ana Paula Jauregui Alcala | Universidad de Monterrey Charges: Advocate for and support rights and needs of international students. Explore and propose international relationships and partnerships. Review and conduct research as needed to update dues for International members. Continue and expand upon efforts and programming to engage International chapters and members with those in the U.S. Special Committees The AIAS has a number of committees, advisory, and working groups that function as advisory or working groups of the Board and report regularly to the Board on the work performed. FUTURE PROGRAMMING TASK FORCE Chair: Juanita Libreros Foronda | Savannah College of Art and Design Board Liaison: Julia Andor, AIAS | 2022-2023 AIAS Northeast Quadrant Director Members: Cooper Moore, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA | 2022-2023 AIAS National President Larry H. Hoffer | Executive Director Josh Davids | Bowling Green State University Kaitlyn Dunn | University of Kansas Joseph Batterman | University of Wisconsin Milwaukee Bryan Garcia | University of Southern California Christian Al Zaatini Mouawad | Holy Spirit University of Kaslik Youssef Hassabo | American University in Cairo Margaret Lewis | University of Kansas Charges: Assess and evaluate the historical structure of the AIAS FORUM conference through Town Halls and data collection to develop a strategy for the future of the conference. Discuss the format and content of general AIAS programming and develop a strategy for the future of AIAS programming. Report frequently to the AIAS Board of Directors. JUSTICE, EQUITY, DIVERSITY & INCLUSION TASK FORCE The Social Justice Task Force assists the AIAS with bringing to light and striving to eliminate issues of social justice as they relate to architectural education. The committee communicates with the membership ways to increase awareness and combat issues of injustice including, but not limited to equity, diversity, inclusivity, and accessibility in AIAS Chapters, studio/work environments, buildings, individuals, teams, communities, and/or cities. Charges: Define, advocate for and support rights and needs of underserved and minority groups of students. Hold the AIAS accountable for and assess its efforts and initiatives towards an equitable and diverse culture. Raise awareness of issues of injustice to the membership and show them how to actively advocate on behalf of themselves and their peers. In collaboration with the Design & Technology Task Force, explore universal design and accessibility strategies and brainstorm the implementation of them into the curriculum in schools of architecture. In collaboration with the Learning & Teaching Culture Advisory Group and Sustainability & Resiliency Task Force, help maintain the official Advocacy Instagram account. SUSTAINABILITY AND RESILIENCY TASK FORCE The Sustainability and Resiliency Task Force assists the AIAS with promoting sustainability and resiliency as they relate to architectural education and practice. The committee communicates with the membership ways to increase and promote sustainable and resilient AIAS chapters, studio/work environments, buildings, individuals, teams, communities, and/or cities. Sustainable and Resilient lifestyles and practices are the responsibility of all AIAS members and the organization. Charges: Define, advocate for, and support sustainable and resilient practices for chapters. Hold the AIAS accountable for and assess its efforts and initiatives towards Sustainability and Resiliency. Explore a Sustainability Commitment for the AIAS. Review and refine the Best Practices Guide created by the ‘19-’20 Task Force. Break down topics related to sustainability and resiliency to increase awareness and understanding among the membership. In collaboration with the Social Justice Task Force and Learning & Teaching Culture Advisory Group, help maintain the official Advocacy Instagram account. DESIGN & TECHNOLOGY TASK FORCE The Design and Technology Task Force assists the AIAS with upholding design excellence by exploring the advancement of learning, design, and technology among AIAS members and potential relevant resources. Charges: Continue to develop the Resource Guides started by the ‘19-‘20 Learning & Technology Task Force. Educate chapters and members about best practices for hosting virtual events, workshops, and tutorials. Evaluate current AIAS Competitions, propose updates and explore new initiatives. In collaboration with the Social Justice Task Force, explore universal design and accessibility strategies and brainstorm the implementation of them into the curriculum in schools of architecture. Call for Resolutions to the Council of Presidents - Grassroots 2021 June 14th Deadline to propose a resolution June 15th Resolutions published on aias.org Open call for amendments to resolutions July 1st Deadline to propose an amendment to a resolution July 2nd Amendments published on aias.org July 24th & 25th – Grassroots Council of Presidents Meeting Voting on resolutions and amendments To submit a resolution or amendment, please draft up a proposal as a “motion” using Robert’s Rules of Order, provide background or rationale up to one paragraph in length, and email it to president@aias.org in advance of the deadlines above. Questions or concerns about a proposal can also be submitted to the same address. Proposed Resolutions to the Grassroots Council of Presidents Motion Auburn University and Oklahoma State University move to jointly charge the 2021-2022 Finance and Membership committees to explore the creation of a fund held by the National Office in support of chapter development and growth. Background Through multiple conversations with Scott Cornelius in his capacity as South Quadrant Director, and the authors, we saw an opportunity to use the excess funds we currently have to allow other chapters to use it to develop and grow. Our aim is not simply to extend the reach of the AIAS, it is to better the lives and experiences of all architecture students through engagement and opportunity. Through this initiative we hope to give smaller, newer, or even growing chapters the chance to think big. Through providing them with the financial resources to allow them to host/plan larger events, to extend beyond only their chapter members. Our goal is to afford every architecture student the opportunities we have had during our tenure in architecture school. We move to charge the Finance and Membership Committees with further investigation into the creation and maintenance of a fund held in trust by the AIAS National Board of Directors to be used by chapters, as required, to aid in the development and growth of individual chapters. Amendments to the Proposed Resolutions to the Grassroots Council of Presidents To be added July 2nd 2021 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings