Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources Collaborating Partners Home Organization Collaborating Partners Many organizations throughout the United States have a stake in building the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) together. The FGDC welcomes participation by state, local and tribal governments, the academic community, and the private and non-profit sectors in building the NSDI. Non-federal organizations may serve as Collaborating Partners by requesting official stakeholder status in writing to the Chair of the FGDC. Collaborating Partners are encouraged to participate on subcommittees and working groups and provide input into all decisions. Voting privileges are not extended to Collaborating Partners. The current Collaborating Partners are the following: American Society of Civil Engineers Association of American Geographers Cartographic Users Advisory Council Geospatial Information & Technology Association International City/County Management Association</li> National Association of State Chief Information Officers National Association of Counties National League of Cities National Society of Professional Surveyors National States Geographic Information Council Open Geospatial Consortium University Consortium for Geographic Information Science Urban and Regional Information Systems Association Western Governors' Association Moreover, federal geospatial programs are highly dependent on effective relationships with partners and stakeholders from multiple sectors, including the private sector, academia, nonprofits, and all levels of government. One of the primary ways that the FGDC collaborates with its broad network of partners is through the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC). The Department of the Interior (DOI) established the NGAC in 2008 as a means to improve coordination and governance of national geospatial activities. The NGAC provides advice and recommendations to the FGDC and provides a forum to convey views representative of partners in the geospatial community. The NGAC includes a balanced membership representing a cross section of organizations involved in geospatial issues. Learn more about the NGAC. Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers