Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources Geospatial Software SmartBUY Blanket Purchase Agreement Home Initiatives Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Note: SmartBUY ended in 2013. The information provided on these pages is for reference and historical purposes only. SmartBUY was a federal government procurement vehicle designed to promote effective enterprise-level software management. It was established in 2008 as a five year process that ended in 2013. It leveraged the government's buying power to potentially save millions of taxpayer dollars through aggregate buying of commercial off-the-shelf software products with pre-negotiated prices, terms and conditions. In addition, the SmartBUY program assisted agencies achieve greater standardization, improved configuration management and more robust IT security. The FGDC’s Geospatial Line of Business (LoB) initiative served as the organizational umbrella for the development of SmartBUY. SmartBUY Cost Savings Cost savings from the September 30, 2009, award to summer 2013 are shown in the table below and demonstrate the value and success of the Geospatial LoB SmartBUY. Geospatial Total Sales SmartBUY Sales GSA Schedule Value Cost Avoidance SAIC $8,202,315 $8,681,123 $478,808 ISC $6,446 $6,529 $83 Planet Associates $2,904,291 $3,959,696 $1,055,405 Onix Networking $10,238,983 $50,876,357 $40,637,374 Esri $68,940 $625,006 $556,066 Total (Inception To Date) $21,420,975 $64,148,711 $42,727,736 Vendor Information The links below contained detailed information about the offered software, pricing and terms and conditions. Science Applications International Corporation for SAIC GeoRover software (pdf) Planet Associates Inc. for Planet Infrastructure Relationship Management software (pdf) Imager Software, Inc. for ISC MapDotNet software (pdf) ONIX Networking Corporation for Google Earth and CubeWerx software (pdf) ESRI Geospatial Software SmartBUY award [password protected site] The original ESRI SmartBUY award continues to offer the ESRI product line with ELA terms (pdf) Ordering Procedures Use this decision tree, along with the additional details in the paragraphs below, to help you determine how to procure geospatial software. This includes acquiring a new geospatial software solution or transitioning an existing agreement/license to this Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA. If this is a new task order/license agreement for products and/or services offered under the Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA, you will first have to speak with your agency/program Contracting Officer (CO) to determine whether a Statement of Work (SOW) is required. Your CO can help you write a SOW that suits your specific needs for items offered through this BPA. A SOW Example [DOC] has been provided for your reference. More information about the use of SOWs when ordering from GSA can be found in the Understanding a Statement of Work (pdf) section of the GSA Multiple Award Schedules Program Owner’s Manual. Also included in the Owner’s Manual are ordering procedures for acquisitions requiring and not requiring a SOW (pdf). If your agency has an existing contractual agreement or license with a Geospatial Software SmartBUY Holder (vendor) for products or services similar to those offered under the Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA, your agency has the option to transition the existing agreement or license to the Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA vehicle. In such instances, you should have received written notification from that vendor regarding their SmartBUY award. Vendors are required to enter into good faith negotiations to lower their prices to be comparable with those of similar products and services offered under the Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA: with full credit for all funds paid under the previous arrangements, and without penalty, including but not limited to additional transfer fees, startup costs, or activation fees. To initiate transition of your existing licenses and agreements, your agency CO needs to contact the vendor. Related Information Geospatial SmartBUY Press Release (pdf) - December 17, 2009 Geospatial Software SmartBUY Factsheet (pdf) - This quick-reference factsheet is a comprehensive summary of the Geospatial Software SmartBUY BPA. FAR Subpart 8.4 - Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR) Subpart 8.4 provides guidance on the BPA task order process. SOW Example (doc) - A SOW may be required for new task orders or license agreements for products and services offered under the SmartBUY SLA Example (doc) - Service Level Agreement’s (SLA’s) provide a common understanding between two agencies sharing an Enterprise License Agreement regarding services, responsibilities, priorities, guarantees, and warranties. GSA MAS Program Owner’s Manual (pdf) - View the complete General Services Administration Multiple Award Schedules Program Owner’s Manual to develop efficient acquisition strategies. Frequently Asked Questions - These questions and answers address SmartBUY, geospatial software, and other topics. Geospatial Line of Business - Learn more about the Geospatial Line of Business. Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers