Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload</li> Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Membership Membership Why Join AIAS? Impact Freedom By Design × Freedom By Design Freedom by Design is the AIAS community service program that uses the talents of architecture students to radically impact the lives of people in their community through modest design and construction solutions. FBD provides real-world experience through working with clients, learning from local licensed architects and contractors, and experiencing the practical impacts of architecture and design. Learn More. CRIT Journal × CRIT Journal CRIT is the journal of the AIAS and the premier publication of student’s in architecture, design, and associated fields. As an AIAS member, you will receive a complimentary subscription to CRIT. As an AIAS member, you may also apply to become a member of the CRIT Editorial team. Contributing to CRIT is an opportunity to develop research and writing skills. Learn More. Build Abroad × Build Abroad Build Abroad offers volunteer abroad trips and travel scholarships to AIAS members. #DesignersofAIAS × #DesignersofAIAS #DesignersofAIAS is a program launched by the Design Think Tank as a platform for AIAS members to brag about how AIAS has inspired their design processes. Through a series of testimonies, we aim to show our membership how AIAS has influenced our designs in studio and the career paths we may take in the future. Community AIAS FORUM × AIAS FORUM Every year, the AIAS collects in one city over the winter holiday to network, hear from our sponsors, learn from other leaders, discuss issues relevant to architecture and design education, and conduct official AIAS business. All members are encouraged to attend and the location changes on a yearly basis. In addition to the energy of being surrounded by others with the same interests, the new Board of Directors is elected from a pool of incredibly inspiring candidates as they have speeches, debates and networking opportunities with AIAS members! Learn More. AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference × AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference For more than 30 years the AIAS has been preparing future leaders in architecture through our AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference. Each year the conference brings together chapter leaders, AIAS Freedom By Design program leaders, and other emerging professionals seeking insight and preparation on how to make the most of their year ahead. Grassroots is usually held in the Washington, DC area in July. Learn More. CRIT Live: AIAS Research Symposia × CRIT Live: AIAS Research Symposia These fall events are an effort to provide student members with training opportunities centered on designing, funding, performing, and presenting effective research projects. As research represents an important facet of architecture in both the academy and practice, we want to ensure our members obtain the skills and knowledge necessary to succeed in the profession. Learn More. THRIVE: A Career Prep Program × THRIVE: A Career Prep Program THRIVE is a series of educational sessions and networking events for members that will cover tips and tricks for thriving in the profession. From landing your first job and starting on your first project to making meaningful contributions with confidence; this program aims to have relevance to a wide spectrum of undergraduate and graduate students. Learn More. Quad Conferences × Quad Conferences Each year, regional conferences take place annually in the spring in the Northeast, South, Midwest and West Quads. These gatherings, known as Quad Conferences, are hosted by local chapters who have been selected to organize the event by their Quad. Themes vary based on the city, local culture, and architectural topic of choice. Quad Conferences are a terrific way to meet other students in your region, learn about architecture outside of the classrooms and have a lot of fun. Learn More. Local Chapter Events × Local Chapter Events Local Chapter Events are the heart of our organization! Each chapter has a different array of local events that are reflective of a chapter’s individual and unique culture. For more information, contact your local AIAS Chapter President. You can find the contact information on our interactive Chapters Page. Growth Become a Leader × Become a Leader The AIAS affords its members many opportunities to become involved as a leader. From leading your local AIAS Chapter to joining the AIAS Board of Directors, the AIAS has countless of student-run leadership positions. For more information regarding leadership positions, contact your local AIAS Chapter President or mailbox@aias.org. AIA × AIA AIAS members can automatically roll over to AIA Associate membership for free for 18 months upon graduation. AIA provides a complimentary digital edition of ARCHITECT magazine to all AIAS members, as well as plenty of opportunities for engagement at AIAS conferences, local AIA chapters, and online. AIA is also an active partner in the AIAS’ research grant program, CRIT Scholar. NCARB × NCARB NCARB’s Student Architect Licensing Advisor Program, facilitated by the AIAS, gives students a voice in the licensure process and a local licensure advisor on campus. Through a partnership with NCARB, the AIAS is able to distribute grants to Freedom by Design projects across the country. Grassroots for training. Freedom by Design participants also have the opportunity to receive NCARB AXP hours for their effort in addition to mentorship from local architects. Learn More. PPI × PPI PPI, a publisher of professional licensing exam materials since 1975, is the Preferred ARE Prep Provider of the AIAS and the official sponsor of both 60th: Legacy and our new career feature, I Want to Work In. Through our partnership, AIAS members receive discounts on their ARE Prep products. Black Spectacles × Black Spectacles Receive discounts on digital workshops and ARE Prep materials. Career Development × Career Development The AIAS is dedicated to bridging the gap between education and the profession. Our career programming is our effort to start to understand where the gap is and how to approach training students to be better off in their new work environments. Learn More. Scholarship Opportunities × Scholarship Opportunities The AIAS works to provide a curated list of scholarships, grants and awards available to architecture students! Learn More. Passion AIAS Honor Awards × AIAS Honor Awards Each year the AIAS honors individuals and groups for their exemplary work in areas such as leadership, collaboration, scholarship, and service. The AIAS Honor Awards were developed to publicly recognize outstanding achievements by students, educators, and practitioners who have exhibited an exemplary commitment to the education and development of architecture students. Learn More. CRIT Scholar × CRIT Scholar CRIT Scholar is a research-based fellowship program that will be funded by the AIA in partnership with several prominent architecture firms. The program aims to support student research and will serve as an exclusive opportunity for students to receive further guidance in their own research. The long-term objective is to encourage students to be actively involved in furthering architectural innovation in support of the design profession through mentored research projects embedded in academia and practice. Learn More. In Studio Render/Sketch Competition × In Studio Render/Sketch Competition The fall In Studio Render/Sketch competition allows AIAS members to share their sketches and renderings with a broader audience outside of their studio for the opportunity to win cash prizes. Learn More. In Studio Portfolio Competition × In Studio Portfolio Competition The winter In Studio Portfolio competition gives members the opportunity showcase their professional portfolios and to provide inspiration for those looking to enhance their own portfolios. This competition is open to all years and skill sets – but focuses on students who are ready to apply for graduate school or who are looking for a summer internship or full-time position. Learn More. In Studio Model Competition × In Studio Model Competition The spring In Studio Model competition allows AIAS members to share their Models with a broader audience outside of their studio for the opportunity to win cash prizes. Learn More. In Studio Photo Competition × In Studio Photo Competition The summer In Studio Photo competition allows AIAS members to share their photography with the broader AIAS community for the opportunity to win cash prizes. Learn More. Advocacy × Advocacy The AIAS represents the collective voice of architecture students across the U.S., and across the world through our international chapters and partnerships with comparable student associations in Europe, India, Australia, Africa, and South and Central America. AIAS members have expressed a desire to use their voice to make a difference, and to be more relevant. In response, the AIAS Board of Directors has initiated a standing Advocacy Task Force to examine and address contemporary issues facing students as they transition into practice. Learn More. Perspective #iwtwi × #iwtwi The AIAS and PPI have teamed up to bring you ‘I Want to Work In’, a career feature that highlights recent graduates who are living and working in towns and cities around the world and will provide an inside look at their personal and professional lives while balancing studying for the Architect Registration Exam (ARE). #AskAnArchitect × #AskAnArchitect The Institute is committed to helping students on the path to architecture careers and believes #AskAnArchitect can help students understand the value of architects in society and the many career options available within the ever-changing profession of architecture. The Architype Project Podcast × The Architype Project Podcast The American Institute of Architecture Students presents an in-depth look at the world of architecture outside of conventional practice. From graphics to food, politics to fashion, the knowledge and skill sets developed through an education or background in architecture a vast and vastly applicable. These “Architypes” are living among us, relatively unheralded and these are their stories. Learn More. MIT Press × MIT Press The MIT Press is pleased to offer AIAS members a 30% ongoing discount on all MITP architecture titles. Happy reading from The MIT Press! Public Journal × Public Journal This is a free subscription to a design journal featuring editorials and photography of meaningful projects that are improving lives. Balance In Studio × In Studio Our InStudio blog highlights AIAS chapters from across the globe and provides an inside look into what university studio culture is really like and how they practice. Learn More. How do I access my benefits? Many of our partners offer discounts to their materials, free subscriptions, and more. Access your promotional codes and start enjoying all of the benefits to being an AIAS member! Your password can be found in your Welcome to the AIAS email you received upon completing your registration. AIAS Partner Benefits 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview </svg> Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings