Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started</li> Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > High School Membership High School Membership An architectural education is a comprehensive design degree. That means an architecture degree opens the doors to many different career paths, and provides you with a set of transferable core skills that can be used in a wide variety of areas. You are not locked into being a traditional architect. Architectural education gives you the ability to be proficient in: -Graphic Design -Project Management -Collaboration -Networking Communication -Professionalism -Public Speaking -Problem Solving -Intuition -Relationship Building -Self-Awareness -Value Innovation If you are interested in pursuing an architectural education, visit studyarchitecture.com for more information on architectural programs across the country! WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN THE AIAS To the artists, dreamers, mathematicians, advocates, observers, thinkers, scientists, designers, visionaries, innovators, creators, introverted, extroverted, leaders, organizers; the AIAS has a place for you. We are dedicated to enhancing the educational experience of all individuals by complimenting it with unique programs, events, and opportunities. At the local level, the AIAS not only acts as a community but a family. The AIAS can lend you the opportunity to create a relationship that has a lasting impact on your personal and professional life. The AIAS prepares you for entering the professional realm and works to provide resources. If you believe pursuing architecture is a possibility, join the AIAS to start your journey into the architectural profession. Finally, AIAS membership is completely FREE for high school students! Our High School Chapters: Northeast Quad Eastport South Manor High School Livingston High School Marlboro High School Thomas Jefferson High School for Science and Technology Bucks County Technical High School Highland Park High School Jefferson High School – Architecture Academy Dr. James A. Forrest Career and Technology Center High School of Art and Design Brooklyn Technical High School Westminster School Briar Woods High School Howard Kelly High School Milton Academy South Quad Pineville High School Hanna Homer High School Gene A. Buinger Career and Technology Education Academy Cypress Creek High School Lake Highlands High School Klein Forest High School Irving MacArthur High School Tampa Bay Technical High School Academy of Architecture Auburndale High School Rockwall-Heath High School Klein High School Veterans Memorial Early College High School Berkmar High School Jones Future Academy Marietta High School Fort Worth Country Day West Quad Windward School Valley Christian High School Advanced Technologies Academy East Career and Technical Academy Don Bosco Technical Institute High School Gibson Ek High School Independence High School Midwest Quad Loyola Academy Minnetonka High School International Regions TNS Beaconhouse North London Collegiate School Jeju HOW TO JOIN To become an AIAS member, visit www.aias.org/membership and select JOIN. If you are interested in starting an AIAS Chapter at your high school, please fill out the Start a New Chapter form. MEMBERSHIP BENEFITS The AIAS prides itself in offering a series of benefits to its members that work to advance students through scholarship programs, competitions, career development, and leadership opportunities. For information regarding AIAS membership benefits, visit the Membership Benefits page. JOIN TODAY! 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings