Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Events > Grassroots 2022 Grassroots 2022 AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference RE- — July 28 – July 30, 2022 The AIAS has been through some wild times in its 65 years, but none have been quite as… strange? tumultuous? weird…? as the past two years. It’s time for us to come together to reimagine the AIAS, and in that spirit, Grassroots 2022 will be so much more than a typical conference – it will be a REUNION. Just like at any good family reunion, we will reflect on our past, and use that past to inform our actions for a better future…or just swap stories and hang out by the grill. Join us in Washington, D.C. or on the web this summer to help us set the tone for the coming year. Take part in a weekend of chapter and personal leadership training, community building, and innovative content. Learn from community leaders, advocates, architects, and other professionals – as well as our very own talented members and AIAS Board of Directors! We have a lot to learn, and we are so excited to hear your ideas. The AIAS has a big year ahead, and we can’t wait to get started! See you at GR 22! Schedule Thursday, July 28Friday, July 29Saturday, July 30th Start Time End Time Programming Location 10:00am 4:00pm Hotel Check In + GRASSROOTS Conference Check In Pick up your conference materials, bag, and more! Your Chosen Hotel, AirBnB, etc. + Conference Check in at Hilton Garden Inn 5:00pm 7:00pm Opening Night General Session Swearing in New Board Ceremony Keynote Lakisha Woods Lakisha Ann Woods, CAE, is the Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Institute of Architects (AIA), a dynamic network of more than 94,000 architects and design professionals throughout 200 chapters committed to enhancing the built environment. Woods previously served as President & CEO of the National Institute of Building Sciences (NIBS) from 2018 – to 2022. She led efforts to expand the organization’s programs and markets while growing and strengthening its membership base. Prior to joining NIBS, she was the Sr. VP & Chief Marketing Officer at the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), where she oversaw a 27-member team responsible for all marketing and revenue-generating programs – including sponsorship sales and partnerships with major national companies. Woods currently serves on the American Society of Association Executives (ASAE) Board of Directors as Chair of the Foundation and Chair-Elect of the ASAE Board and on the MPI Advisory Board. She also previously served as Vice-Chair of the U.S. Green Building Council Board of Directors and on the Advisory Board of Crosswalk and is a global speaker. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Maryland in College Park and lives with her husband and daughter in Howard County, Maryland. Hotel Monaco 7:00pm 9:00pm Informal Quad/Region Dinners While not an official event, traditionally, Quads and Regions will all grab food together and get to know one another! Check in with your Quad Director/Regional Ambassador after the opening session and see where people are heading!+Alumni Reception Join us for casual drinks and networking for our graduates, emerging professionals, and AIAS Alumni! Reminisce on memories, and talk about what’s next. Most important, connect with old friends! Quad/Region Dinners: Varies + Alumni Reception: Local Bar TBD Start Time End Time Programming Location 9:30am 11:30am Tour Master Planning the District Wharf: Walking Tour Tour Leader: Associate Principal Jason Abbey Join members of Perkins Eastman to walk along the DC District Wharf! Learn about the masterplan that made this design possible, talk about considerations when designing along a main water gateway to a city, and learn some of the historic and socioeconomic context of the area. If you are interested in the impact of urban planning, coastal design, or working as part of a large team, join this tour for a morning stroll through one of DC’s beautiful neighborhoods! DC District Warf 9:30am 11:30am The Story Behind the Story: The National Museum of African American History and Culture There are few landmarks in DC that have deeply impacted the city as much as the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture. Join architects Steven Davis, FAIA, and Peter Cook, FAIA, NOMA, of Davis Brody Bond and HGA and Aki Carpenter from Ralph Appelbaum Associates in a discussion about the history, creation, conceptualization, and design of the only national museum devoted exclusively to the documentation of African American life, history, and culture. After this discussion, students will be able to individually tour the galleries, ask questions, and experience this cultural phenomenon. National Museum of African American History and Culture 9:30am 11:30am Tour The Architecture of Transportation Join members of the firm KGP Design Studio for a tour of the intersections of architecture and transportation design. Learn about the history of DC’s metro, see the brutalist stations, and talk about the revitalization of Union Station- which KGP is the prime consultant for! Check out this tour for a niche but incredibly important sector of architecture, exploring how to improve infrastructure and how a designer can play a large role! DC Metro 9:30am 11:30am Universal Design: A Tour through Smithsonian Accessibility Tour Leaders: Abby Tourtellotte, Ryan McEnroe, AIA, ASLA, LEED AP, LFA, Carolina Uechi, AIA, Marisa Allen, AIA, LEED AP Path: National Museum of the American Indian > National Museum of Natural History > National Museum of American HistoryJoin members of the top-ranked design firm for museums in the U.S., Quinn Evans, through the historic Smithsonian Institution to explore accessibility strategies. Highlighting three of the Smithsonian Museums- The National Museum of the American Indian, The National Museum of Natural History, and The National Museum of American History- this tour will focus on the universal design of their interiors and exteriors. Learn how to balance historic preservation with the updates necessary to ensure all people can experience cultural landmarks. DC Area 9:30am 11:30am Workshop Building Welcoming and Supportive Communities: How Architecture Can Help People Experiencing Homelessness Workshop: Jean-Michel Giraud, President & CEO Sean Read, Chief Program Officer – Community Solutions Lynn Amano, Director of AdvocacyJoin the leaders of the premier housing service provider for people experiencing homelessness in the DC area, Friendship Place, for a workshop on how to design architecture to address the homelessness crisis. This workshop will cover the current state of homelessness, a discussion on housing models, and an interactive charette for students to try their hand at designing functional housing for those experiencing homelessness. Join this workshop for your ideas to be reviewed by Friendship Place members that have helped many experiencing homelessness, and use what you learn to positively impact your school projects, and communities in the future. AIA National Headquarters 11:30am 1:30pm Break 1:30pm 2:30pm NCARB Office Open House Cafés and zoom rooms and chairs! Oh my! This tour of the award-winning National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB) office will highlight the features of the downtown DC office designed for collaboration and inspiration. Take a peek behind the curtain of what our everyday operations entail and the facilities we use to do that. Meet key team members in this colorful LEED Gold and Fitwell certified space. NCARB is a place with real people who want to help you succeed as an architect. NCARB National Headquarters 1:30pm 2:30pm Gensler Firm Tour Check out the DC office of Gensler! NOTE: Gensler requires seeing proof of vaccination to enter their office. Gensler is a global architecture, design, and planning firm with 50 locations across Asia, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, and the Americas. Founded in 1965, the firm serves more than 3,500 active clients in virtually every industry. Guided by determined optimism, they believe the power of design can spark positive change and create a future that promotes equity, resilience, and wellbeing for everyone. Gensler 1:30pm 2:30pm Callison RTKL Firm Tour Check out the DC office of CallisonRTKL! CallisonRTKL, a global architecture, planning, and design practice, began over seven decades ago and has evolved into a cultural agency to advance positive outcomes in our communities. Their team addresses the imperatives of resiliency, well-being, and technology and their influence in the built environment through a human-centric design approach. Tours will be given at 1:30 and 2 pm. Callison RTKL 1:30pm 2:30pm SmithGroup Firm Tour Check out the DC office of SmithGroup! SmithGroup is a 1300 employee, integrated global design firm with 19 offices around the world. Their clients are global leaders in a wide range of industries such as in health, higher education and science and technology. SmithGroup 2:45pm 4:00pm Sketching Tour Leader: Ethan Thornburg Location: Chinatown/Penn Quarter/Federal Triangle See DC through an artist’s eye and create your personal memories through sketching. You will be led by a local architect in fun, simple, and straightforward techniques for sketching in pen and pencil. No experience necessary and no erasers allowed! CHINATOWN/PENN QUARTER/FEDERAL TRIANGLE 2:45pm 4:00pm Sketching Tour Leader: Carrie & Stephen Parker Location: Foggy Bottom See DC through an artist’s eye and create your personal memories through sketching. You will be led by a local architect in fun, simple, and straightforward techniques for sketching in pen and pencil. No experience necessary and no erasers allowed! FOGGY BOTTOM 2:45pm 4:00pm Sketching Tour Leader: Sarah W. WingoLocation: Dupont/West End See DC through an artist’s eye and create your personal memories through sketching. You will be led by a local architect in fun, simple, and straightforward techniques for sketching in pen and pencil. No experience necessary and no erasers allowed! DUPONT/WEST END 3:00pm 4:30pm How to Advocate as Architects Join the AIA Advocacy team as well as our own local experts, the AIAS Advocates, to learn about best practices and methods for advocating as architects and design professionals. This workshop will cover the in’s and out’s of lobbying, effectively engaging with policy makers, key issues facing architects today, and more! We’ll do some role-playing to practice effective advocacy, and then we’ll take some time to contact real representatives and discuss real issues! Come learn more about being a Citizen Architect, take the skills you learn back to your chapter, and let your voice be heard! AIA National Headquarters 4:00pm 6:00pm Career Expo Come cool off and mingle with associations, partners, and firms on the second floor of the AIA building during the first two hours of the block party! Check out what each has to offer you- make sure to bring your Swag Bag to collect all the free handouts. Test out your networking skills, in a casual, low-stress environment while you eat! AIA National Headquarters, 2nd floor 5:00pm 8:00pm Block Party at the AIA Building A Career Expo. The Say It Loud Exhibition. A barbecue. A DJ. The Leadership Session. The biggest annual group photo of the AIAS- need we say more! Join us for the largest AIAS party of the year to catch up with old friends, make new ones, and become a part of this network (family)! AIA National Headquarters Courtyard 8:00pm 10:00pm Nighttime Monument Tour with Past President Scott Cornelius Monuments Tour with the Past President Scott Cornelius through the Capitol’s main highlights. Leaving from AIAS National Headquarters Courtyard Start Time End Time Programming Location 9:30am 10:30am What’s Next?: Transitioning to a Design Professional Focused on life after graduation, this workshop will cover the following topics : · Where to go from here · How to find your voice · How expectations evolve from school to work · How to transition skills to the professional environment · What was not taught in school that’s useful at work AIA National Headquarters 9:30am 10:30am Workshop: K-12 Engagement K-12 students around the world are learning about coding, robotics, literature, and other subjects that may not have been available when we were their age. Why not architecture? And who best to teach them about architecture if not current architecture students? This session will explore teaching methods and subjects for students at three different age levels, and how you as a student can effectively engage with them to teach them about design, the built environment, college, and life! Come ready to put your teacher/mentor hat on, and maybe to build a few pasta models… AIA National Headquarters 9:30am 10:30am Workshop: AIAS Mental Health Task Force / AIAS JEDI Task Force The Justice, Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion Task Force and Mental Health Task Force are teaming up to discuss the intersection between equity, accessibility, advocacy, and urban displacement in architecture. Through a guided activity, we will explore the dimensions of wellness in fields such as social, emotional, intellectual, and environmental means. Please join us to engage in these subjects to learn how you can engage in an informed and constructive way in your school, workplace, and community. AIA National Headquarters 9:30am 12:00pm Workshop Step Up! Student licensing Advisor Actuation: Recruitment and EducationLeaders: NCARB Experience + Education Team Description: Are you the person everyone comes to with questions of what to do next? Do you love being the person ‘in the know?’ Is your anticipation to keep moving towards your license infectious? Do you wish you knew other people working towards their license? Do you wish you knew people who are already licensed who want to help others along the path? Are you energized by helping others? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you should be an architect licensing advisor!Equip yourself to be the ‘go to advisor’ for your peers through this training session. Come expand your knowledge, your network, and your mentoring value to your chapter, your members and fellow students. The student licensing advisor position also includes networking and travel opportunities. Student licensing advisors appointed for the 22-23 academic year can receive funding for travel, lodging, and food expenses, and registration fees for AIAS Grassroots 2022. NCARB National Headquarters 11:00am 12:00pm Freedom by Design Training How to Service Are you interested in public service and volunteerism through design? Is your chapter looking for a way to get more involved in your community? Do you already have a Freedom By Design (FBD) program, and want to make sure you’re operating at peak performance? There are a million reasons to attend FBD sessions at Grassroots and Leadership Day, and you don’t have to be a current FBD leader or even have an FBD program to come! Anyone who is passionate about service is welcome! At this session, the Freedom By Design Advisory Committee (FBDAC) will be collaborating with the AIA Center for Communities by Design (CxD) to discuss how public service and volunteerism have had profound impacts on both individual careers and communities, as well as navigate how we can continue community service through architecture as a professional —even after graduation, AIAS members are uniquely suited to help their communities! This session will allow you to explore how you can serve your community in the best way possible while getting architectural experience (yeah, we’re talking AXP hours) along the way! FBD training sessions are also the first step toward getting an NCARB Materials Grant for FBD design-build projects in the 2022-2023 school year. Programs with FBD leaders who attend this session, or its companion session during Leadership Day, will be prioritized for grant funding! AIA National Headquarters 11:00am 12:00pm Workshop What they don’t teach you about Architecture in the School of Design Workshop Leader: Derek Guffey Partner: ConstructConnect Description: In this seminar we will discuss the process of design and how different players from outside of the design professions play key roles to the success of your projects. We will journey from the earliest contact with your clients, to vital interactions with building product manufacturers, to the choreography of the bidding process. Join us for a real-world discussion that will help you prepare for the profession. AIA National Headquarters 11:00am 12:00pm Workshop Public Speaking, Building Confidence, and “Branding” All architects and designers need to communicate their ideas. It takes time and practice to get to a point where you feel not just comfortable, but confident in doing so! 2021-2022 Vice President Shannon DeFranza has been practicing/training in public speaking for 9 years. Join in on this session to learn tips and tricks, and to have fun building this skill through speech games with your fellow members. Whether you are a freshman, or about to graduate, this interactive session will be helpful for anyone! AIA National Headquarters 1:00pm 3:30pm Closing General Session Officer Keynotes Shannon DeFranza, AIAS, Assoc. AIA, NOMA, has dedicated her life to the service of others and bettering the world. With a background studying international relations, human rights, and climate disasters, Shannon graduated from the Honors Program of Roger Williams University, with a Bachelor of Science in Architecture in 2021. For the last year Shannon has served as the 2021-2022 National Vice President of the AIAS, Student Director for the ACSA, and previously served as the Northeast Quad Director for AIAS. Through public speaking, mentorship, and advocacy, Shannon works to change design education and the profession, to properly equip and empower the next generation so that we may address widespread climate change through an equity lens, universally use sustainable building practices, and better our mental health protections. Believing that architecture is just one small piece to better our society, outside of architecture, Shannon has worked on behalf the Non-Profit, Scholars at Risk, to advocate for the release of wrongfully imprisoned scholars. Scott Cornelius, AIAS, Assoc. AIA, is a vocal advocate for change in design education and in the field of architecture. Through his work for a healthier and more positive Learning and Teaching Culture, advocacy focused on architectural curricula and policy, and dedication to mentorship and belief that design students will shape our society, Scott works to empower students to shift the narrative surrounding architecture and the built environment. Scott served as the 2020-2021 South Quad Director of the AIAS, and is currently serving as the 2021–2022 National President in Washington, DC. Originally from Canyon, Texas, Scott received his B.Arch from Oklahoma State University in 2021. National Housing Center 3:30pm 5:00pm Break + Chapter Time 5:00pm 7:00pm Quad Breakouts & Receptions The Regional Reception is a chance to mingle with the members of your Quad/International Region! This is a chance for you to get to know your Quad or Regional Directors as well! End the conference with your AIAS regional family, and make those close connections that AIAS is all about. There will be four architecture firms hosting: ZGF Evolving from a single office with strong regional roots in Oregon, to a firm with six offices across the United States and Canada and 750+ staff, their work is derived from the particulars of the climate, context, and the human experience.CallisonRTKL, a global architecture, planning, and design practice, began over seven decades ago and has evolved into a cultural agency to advance positive outcomes in our communities. Their team addresses the imperatives of resiliency, well-being, and technology and their influence in the built environment through a human-centric design approach.KGD Architecture is an award-winning full service design firm headquartered in Washington, D.C., with offices around the world. The firm brings diverse perspectives to complex projects, creating spaces that articulate the client’s values, history, brand, and culture.Gensler is a global architecture, design, and planning firm with 50 locations across Asia, Europe, Australia, the Middle East, and the Americas. Founded in 1965, the firm serves more than 3,500 active clients in virtually every industry. Guided by determined optimism, they believe the power of design can spark positive change and create a future that promotes equity, resilience, and wellbeing for everyone. NOTE: Gensler requires seeing proof of vaccination to enter their office. Various Architecture Firms Thursday, July 28 | Friday, July 29 | Saturday, July 30 Keynotes Registration EARLY BIRD (DEADLINE MAY 15TH, 11:59 PM ET) Early Bird Member (Individual): $150 Early Bird Non-Member (Individual): $200 REGULAR (DEADLINE JULY 8TH, 11:59 PM ET) Regular Member (Individual): $200 Regular Non-Member (Individual): $250 *COVID-19 protocols will vary on a venue by venue basis. Please bring a mask, and keep it with you so you are prepared, and for public transportation use.* *Please note: The Gensler Office Tour will require proof of vaccination, (proof of a negative covid test will not be accepted), and students visiting Gensler will be sent an email about this between 7/22-7/25″ REGISTER FOR GRASSROOTS TODAY! The AIAS hopes everyone who registers for Grassroots will be able to attend; however, we know extenuating circumstances do occur. The AIAS Cancellation and Refund Policies for Grassroots 2022 are as follows: Conference Refund and Cancellation Policy The AIAS Conference Cancellation and Refund Policy will be as follows to assure consistency and is applicable to the 2022 Grassroots Leadership Conference. The final date to request a full refund for conference registration is Friday, July 8th, 2022. Registrants canceling their registration after July 8th, 2022 will not receive a refund. The refund and cancellation policy will not be waived. In the event the AIAS must cancel the conference due to unforeseen circumstances, the AIAS will refund the cost of registration. Unforeseen Circumstances Defined for Refund and Cancellation Policies: Unforeseen circumstances is used to describe an event that is unexpected and prevents the AIAS from continuing with the conference. Examples of such circumstances can include, but are not limited to, inclement weather or other natural disasters, site unavailability, and public safety and health hazards. Please fill out this form to request a refund for your registration fee. Hotel Short-Term Rental Options Grassroots will be a decentralized conference that will take place throughout Downtown DC. With this in mind, we suggest you book through services such as Airbnb and Vrbo and prioritize proximity to Metro stops along the Red Line. Hotel Option We have a limited number of rooms reserved at Hilton Garden Inn Washington DC Downtown for July 28, 2022 through July 31, 2022. Booking is simple: just select “Book a Room”. We’re looking forward to seeing you in July! Book Your Room *PLEASE NOTE – NO AIAS GRASSROOTS PROGRAMMING WILL BE HELD AT THE HILTON GARDEN INN* Virtual Leadership Day (July 16) In order to make the Leadership Training for AIAS Chapter Leaders that typically takes place during the Grassroots Conference more accessible, the AIAS will be offering this full day of leadership training for FREE for all members that are interested in participating and advancing their leadership within their chapter and the organization at large. While leadership training is not mandatory for Chapter Leaders to serve in their roles, it is highly encouraged that they attend in order to be best prepared to run their chapters through the academic year. Covering topics including Governance, Finance, Membership Engagement, and Advocacy the leadership sessions will be hosted by the 2021-2022 and 2022-2023 Quad Directors. The Freedom by Design Advisory Committee will also be hosting the annual Freedom by Design Training for current and incoming FBD Directors, and any other members interested in bringing Freedom by Design to their chapters. When: July 16, 2022 11a-6p Eastern Time Where: Held Virtually Registration Fees: FREE (separate registration from Grassroots is needed to attend Leadership Day) REGISTER FOR LEADERSHIP DAY FOR FREE! *This is NOT registration for the in person Grassroots conference. If you have already registered for Grassroots, please register here as well to be included in all communications about the virtual Leadership Day.* Blog Posts</div> 100 Reasons to Attend Grassroots GRASSROOTS 2022 ROLL CALL! Call for Resolutions & Committee Preview Re-Introducing AIAS Partners at Grassroots Grassroots 2022 Keynotes, Sessions, and Schedule Announcement Re-Defining Who You’ll Meet at Grassroots Re-Focusing: Leadership Day at Grassroots AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference Theme Re-Membering: Why is Grassroots Good for Your Career? #IWTWI – Re-Visiting DC for Grassroots! How Your Chapter Can Prepare and Re-Organize for Grassroots 2022! Grants for FBD Director Attendance at AIAS Grassroots Available for 2022! WTF is Grassroots: Re-Imagined Revisiting the Legacy of AIAS Grassroots Partners Thank you to all of our partners who make Grassroots possible! Register Now 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings