Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Apple Podcasts Preview 66 episodes This is a casual sit down conversation featuring an architect who provides an inside look into practice. AIAS Audio Experience AIAS Audio Experience Arts 5.0 • 1 Rating This is a casual sit down conversation featuring an architect who provides an inside look into practice. FEB 1, 2021 Doris Sung Interview - Futur.Arch Doris Sung Interview - Futur.Arch Join Rodney Jordan, one of the 2020-2021 AIAS Advocates as he interviews Doris Sung, a Researcher and Architect based in Los Angeles, California and Founder of of DO|SU Studio Architecture. Sung primarily focuses on “Active” Architecture with a special research focus on Thermal Bimetals. 31 min NOV 20, 2020 ArchiTea EP 1 - De Nichols ArchiTea EP 1 - De Nichols In this first episode of ArchiTea we discussed the start and progress of Design as a Protest, and how it relates to De Nichol’s journey as a designer of many things. In our conversation we also highlight De’s background in communications design, and how it was fueled by her experiences growing up throughout rural Mississippi. Her experiences exposed her to a lot of issues with spatial division and racial segregation specifically throughout her upbringing and even more so in St. Louis where she lived for undergrad. Throughout our discussion we also reckon with the ways in which the institute of policing and the system of incarceration has been designed within our country and how there has been a United States without police. 29 min AUG 1, 2018 #askanarchitect 57: Kimberly Murphy ft. Noor Ain #askanarchitect 57: Kimberly Murphy ft. Noor Ain Welcome to Season 2 of the #AskAnArchitect show! We bring you another great episode from our student creators! Episode 57 we have Kimberly Murphy, AIA, who is a Partner at Edelman, Sultan, Knox, Wood Architects in New York, NY. She is joined by Noor Ain, who is a student at CCNY in New York, NY. 14 min AUG 1, 2018 #askanarchitect 56: Fady Barmada ft. Jennifer Matthews #askanarchitect 56: Fady Barmada ft. Jennifer Matthews Welcome to Season 2 of the #AskAnArchitect show! We bring you another great episode from our student creators! Episode 56 we have Fady Bermada, AIA, LEED AP, Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, who is a Principal at Array Architects in Washington, DC. He is joined by Jennifer Matthews who is a past vice-president of the AIAS and an architectural designer at Array Architects in Washington DC. 15 min AUG 1, 2018 #askanarchitect 55: Carol Smith ft. Jack Tintle #askanarchitect 55: Carol Smith ft. Jack Tintle Welcome to Season 2 of the #AskAnArchitect show! We bring you another great episode from our student creators! Episode 54 we have Carol Smith, AIA, who is an Engagement Manager at Array Architects in Washington, DC. She is joined by Jack Tintle who is an architectural designer at Array Architects in Washington DC. 8 min AUG 1, 2018 #askanarchitect 54: Danei Cesario ft. Jack Tintle #askanarchitect 54: Danei Cesario ft. Jack Tintle Welcome to Season 2 of the #AskAnArchitect show! We bring you another great episode from our student creators! Episode 54 we have Danei Cesario, AIA, NCARB, who is an associate at Array Architects in New York, NY. She is joined by Jack Tintle who is an architectural designer at Array Architects in Washington DC. 9 min © Copyright AIAS Audio Experience Customer Reviews 5.0 out of 5 1 Rating 1 Rating Top Podcasts In Arts Fresh Air NPR The Moth The Moth 99% Invisible Roman Mars The Reading Culture Beanstack NPR's Book of the Day NPR Gastropod Cynthia Graber and Nicola Twilley More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Choose your country or region Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map