Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > About > Advocacy > Student Hill Day Student Hill Day The AIAS Student Capitol Hill Day will be a day dedicated to providing students with tangible platforms to advocate and directly impact our members and our profession. We have teamed up with AIA’s Advocacy Team to put together a day of direct engagement for you, our members, to influence public policy in a real way. AIAS leaders from across the country will come together in D.C. to jumpstart the 2019 Grassroots Conference and truly amplify our collective voice. On the morning of Thursday, July 18th, 11 teams of students will have the opportunity to travel to Capitol Hill and advocate for federal student loan debt relief for architecture students. Stemming off of past AIAS work with the National Design Services Act, our work at Student Capitol Hill Day 2019 has the potential to significantly help current and future architecture students overcome the vast financial burdens that come with architectural education today. The collective meetings taking place that morning will be with members of Congress and Congressional staff from all 50 states. AIA’s Advocacy Team is working diligently to compile background informational packets for our teams to utilize on-site, and all student team members will be briefed on the key talking points through a coordinated webinar in advance. This is not an event you want to miss! Not available to join us for our Student Hill Day? No problem – you can still help and voice your support! Take action while you’re in DC for AIAS Grassroots by sending a tweet to Congressman asking them to support graduates to afford both student loans and retirement. Fill out the form below to be connected with your Congressman now! You can also text “AIASTUDENT” to 406-49 to stay up to date on the latest and get them signed up for advocacy action alerts. AIA Advocacy Webinars In preparation for your day on the Hill, the AIA Advocacy Team has compiled a series of webinars to help you better navigate the day. If you are participating in Student Hill Day and you did not receive a link, please email mailbox@aias.org Tuesday, July 9, 2019, 2:00 PM – 3:00 PM EDT Register Here AIAS Student Hill Day Webinar Powerpoint — July 9 Schedule 8:00 Bus departs from Fairmont Hotel to The Loft at 600 F 8:30-11:30 Issue briefing and training 11:30-12:00 Bag lunch 12:00-12:30 Groups depart for Capitol Hill 12:30-3:30 Students attend meetings with Members of Congress 4:30-8:00 AIAS Grassroots Opening Ceremonies at National Building Museum Briefing Documents Congressional Meeting Guide Issue Brief on Student Debt Issue Talking Points on Student Debt and Retirement Bill Language Map of Student Hill Day Locations Phone2Action Campaign 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings