Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Music College of Design Main navigation About History Chair's Welcome Equity in Music Tech Support the School Contact Us Academics Student Research Showcase Undergraduate Programs Bachelor of Science in Music Technology Dual Bachelors and Masters Degree Program Bachelor of Science in Computational Media Undergraduate Minors Graduate Programs Master of Science in Music Technology Ph.D. in Music Technology Future Students Meet Our Students Financial Assistance & Aid K-12 Education Ensembles 2022-2023 Ensemble Concerts Book Entertainment Current Students Locker Rentals Practice Room Rentals Meet Your Advisor Research People News and Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Brittney Boykin Assistant Professor brittney.boykin@design.gatech.edu B.E. (Brittney Elizabeth) Boykin is a native of Alexandria, Virginia and comes from a musical family. At the age of 7, she began piano lessons and continued her studies through high school under the tutelage of Mrs. Alma Sanford. Mrs. Sanford guided her through various competitions, such as the NAACP’s ACT-SO competition where she garnered 1st place for 3 consecutive years in the local competition, as well as being awarded The Washington Post “Music and Dance Award” in the spring of 2007. Boykin then pursued her classical piano studies at Spelman College under the leadership of Dr. Rachel Chung. After graduating Spelman College in 2011 with a B.A. in Music, Boykin continued her studies at Westminster Choir College of Rider University in Princeton, New Jersey. During her time at Westminster, she was awarded the R and R Young Composition Prize just a few months shy of graduating with her M.M. in Sacred Music with a concentration in choral studies in May, 2013. Boykin’s choral piece, “We Sing as One,” was commissioned to celebrate Spelman College’s 133rd Anniversary of its founding at the 2014 Founders Day Convocation. She has also been featured as the conductor/composer-in-residence for the 2017 Harry T. Burleigh Commemorative Spiritual Festival at Tennessee State University. Boykin has been commissioned and collaborated with several organizations, including a number of ACDA divisions, the Minnesota Opera and the Kennedy Center. She obtained her Ph.D. from Georgia State University with an emphasis in Music Education and is currently an Assistant Professor of Music at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in