Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > About > Governance > 2022 AIAS Elections 2022 AIAS Elections This page will continue to be updated with Elections content and information throughout the 2022 Elections Cycle. The Elections of the AIAS Board of Directors are typically held in conjunction with the annual AIAS conference FORUM during the business meetings. This year elections events will be focused around AIAS Governance Weekend, which will be held January 5 – 8, 2023. Elections proceedings will begin following the opening session of the Winter Council of Presidents Meeting on January 5th, 2023 All questions should be directed to the Elections Chair, Scott Cornelius, AIAS, NOMA, Assoc. AIA, at pastpresident@aias.org. Check out the Candidate Packets below to learn about this year’s Candidates! Throughout Governance Weekend members will have the opportunity to talk with the Candidates, ask questions, and get to know them prior to the election taking place during the Council of Presidents Meeting on January 8th, 2023. Elections will follow the AIAS Rules of the Board, AIAS Bylaws, and AIAS Code of Ethics, as well as the Elections Guidelines released October of 2022, found below. Any election-related actions perceived as a violation of the Elections Rules and Procedures or the Code of Ethics should be reported to the Elections Chair through this form. You must be a current member of the AIAS to report a violation. In order to be considered a certified candidate, the interested person must meet all eligibility requirements in the Bylaws and Rules of the Board as well as submit the materials in their Candidacy Declaration Packet as outlined in the 2022 AIAS Elections Candidate Guidelines. AIAS members from Chapters in good standing can still run as an Undeclared Candidate from the floor as per Bylaw 7.22. In an uncontested race, or one with fewer than two Certified Candidates, members may run as Undeclared Candidates from the floor as per Bylaw 7.221 (see below). Elections Videos Introduction Videos <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> Opening Speeches <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> Closing Speeches <span data-mce-type="bookmark" style="display: inline-block; width: 0px; overflow: hidden; line-height: 0;" class="mce_SELRES_start">﻿</span> 2023-2024 Board of Director Candidate Packets Please find below the complete list of Certified Candidates for the 2023-2024 AIAS National Board of Directors! Keep in mind that candidates are not allowed to actively campaign for themselves or another candidate prior to the opening session of the Winter Council of Presidents Meeting on January 5th. Please click on the individual headshot to view the candidacy packet. If you have any issues viewing a candidate’s packet, please let the Past President know. Presidential Candidates Vice Presidential Candidates Midwest Quad Director Candidates Northeast Quad Director Candidates South Quad Director Candidates West Quad Director Candidates Elections Schedule Below is a list of important dates in the 2022 Elections Cycle. This schedule is subject to change by the Past President and Elections Chair. January 5th-8th – Governance Weekend January 5th – Opening Speeches Posted, Winter CoP Opening Session: Opening speeches will be posted on the 2022 Elections page on January 5th. This will mark the official start of elections events, and past this point candidates will be allowed to campaign by any approved methods until the closing session of the Council of Presidents meeting. The opening session of the Council of Presidents meeting will be held on this day, and CoP delegates will be given important information about elections. Undeclared candidates will be able to receive and accept nominations at this session. January 6th – Candidate Meet-and-Greet: Delegates from the Council of Presidents will have the opportunity to meet and talk casually with candidates about their ideas, plans, and goals from 8-9pm ET on January 6th. This event will be held on Zoom, and each candidate will be placed in their own breakout room which delegates can move between. Other unofficial meet-and-greets can be organized by candidates in coordination with other candidates for their position and the person currently in that position, with the consent of the Elections Chair. January 7th – Candidate Q&As: A panel-style Q&A will be held for each elected position starting at 11:00am ET on January 7th. January 7th – Closing Speeches: Closing speeches will be given live via Zoom at 4:30pm ET on this day. Quad Director candidates will have a maximum of two minutes for this speech, and Officer candidates will have four minutes. This Zoom session will be recorded and posted on this page. January 8th – Winter CoP Closing Session: Voting will occur at the closing session of the Council of Presidents meeting on Sunday, January 8th. Candidates will be invited to this meeting as observers. After the results have been determined, candidates will move into a separate Zoom meeting to hear the results before they are announced to the CoP. Undeclared Candidates AIAS members from Chapters in good standing can still run as an Undeclared Candidate from the floor with the consent of the Elections Chair, as per Bylaw 7.22. In an uncontested race, or one with fewer than two Certified Candidates, members may run as Undeclared Candidates from the floor without the prior verification of the Elections Chair. In accordance with the AIAS Bylaws, participants who do not announce their candidacy as defined in the Bylaws and Rules of the Board may announce their candidacy during the designated time at the opening session of the Winter Council of Presidents Meeting on January 5th, 2023. These participants shall be defined as Undeclared Candidates. Undeclared Candidates for uncontested races (those with fewer than two Certified Candidates) are eligible to announce their candidacy during the designated time at the Council of Presidents Meeting without prior verification from the Elections Chair. Such Candidates will be provisionally accepted pending eligibility review by the Elections Chair. Undeclared Candidates for contested races must verify their intent to run with the Elections Chair no later than the opening session of the Winter Council of Presidents Meeting. Undeclared Candidates must return all items outlined in Chapter 13 of the Rules of the Board to the Elections Chair at that time. The Elections Chair shall have full authority to determine the eligibility of Undeclared Candidates dependent on completion and consideration of these rules and regulations. Once an Undeclared Candidate has announced their candidacy as described above and has been deemed eligible for candidacy by the Elections Chair, they must then be nominated for that position. Nominations of Undeclared Candidates shall be made by a delegate of the Council of Presidents from the floor at a time designated by the Elections Chair at the opening session of the Council of Presidents Meeting. This delegate must be from a different Chapter than that of the Undeclared Candidate. If the candidate’s nomination is seconded by another delegate of the CoP, as verified by the Elections Chair, then they are considered duly nominated for the office and placed on the official ballot. Nominations and seconds for Quadrant Directors must come from delegates within the same Quad as the Candidate. Members interested in running as an Undeclared Candidate should reach out to Past President Cornelius at pastpresident@aias.org. Elections Guidelines 2022 ELECTIONS CANDIDATE GUIDELINES 2022 INTERNATIONAL REGIONAL DIRECTOR APPOINTMENT GUIDELINES 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings