Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources News Home News Department of the Interior Appoints New Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee The Department of the Interior has appointed 9 individuals to serve as members of the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC Department of the Interior Appoints New Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee - Read More Nominations for National Geospatial Advisory Committee News announcement - The Department of the Interior and the Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) are seeking nominations to serve on the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC). Nominations for National Geospatial Advisory Committee - Read More FGDC NGAC Public-Private Partnerships Briefing on June 3, 2021 FGDC’s National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC) held an informational briefing on Public-Private Partnerships on Thursday, June 3 from 1:00 – 2:30 pm EDT. FGDC NGAC Public-Private Partnerships Briefing on June 3, 2021 - Read More FGDC Approves New NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 The Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) has developed a new National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) Strategic Plan (pdf). The plan, which covers the years 2021-2024, was approved by the FGDC Steering Committee in November 2020. The NSDI strategic plan was developed with inputs from a variety of sources, including FGDC agencies, the National Geospatial Advisory Committee, and geospatial partner organizations. The plan describes a broad national vision and mission for the NSDI, and includes goals and objectives for the continued sustainable development of the NSDI. The FGDC will work collaboratively with partners on implementation of the plan. Additional information will be posted here regarding the implementation phase. FGDC Approves New NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 - Read More DOT Announces Release of Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) Specification Version 3 The WZDx Specification enables infrastructure owners and operators (IOOs) to make harmonized work zone data available for third party use. The WZDx Specification is intended to make travel on public roads safer and more efficient through ubiquitous access to data on work zone activity. DOT Announces Release of Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) Specification Version 3 - Read More Draft NSDI Strategic Plan Released for Public Comment - comments due Sep 17 The Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) is seeking public comment on the draft strategic plan for the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI). Comments are due by September 17, 2020. Instructions: The draft plan is posted here: Draft 2021-2024 NSDI Strategic Plan (pdf) Please provide comments using this comment form: NSDI Strategic Plan Comment Form (xls) Comments should be submitted electronically by September 17, 2020 to: nsdicomments@fgdc.gov Background The FGDC operates under the authority of the Geospatial Data Act of 2018 (GDA) and Office of Management and Budget Circular A-16. One of the FGDC’s responsibilities under the GDA is to “prepare and maintain a strategic plan for the development and implementation of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure in a manner consistent with national security, national defense, and emergency preparedness program policies regarding data accessibility.” The GDA describes the NSDI as “the technology, policies, criteria, standards, and employees necessary to promote geospatial data sharing throughout the Federal Government, State, tribal, and local governments, and the private sector (including nonprofit organizations and institutions of higher education).” The draft NSDI strategic plan has been developed with inputs from a variety of sources, including FGDC member agencies, the National Geospatial Advisory Committee, and geospatial partner organizations. The plan describes a broad national vision for the NSDI, and includes goals and objectives for the continued sustainable development of the NSDI. Following the public comment period, a revised version of the plan will be prepared for final review and adoption by the FGDC Steering Committee. Following adoption of the strategic plan, the FGDC will work with partners to develop implementation plans for the goals and objectives in the strategic plan. NSDI Strategic Plan Public Comment Period – Federal Register Notice (pdf) If you have any questions or need additional information, contact: fgdc@fgdc.gov Draft NSDI Strategic Plan Released for Public Comment - comments due Sep 17 - Read More NIST Releases RFI & Announces Webcast on Position, Navigation and Timing for June 4th. News release NIST Releases RFI & Announces Webcast on Position, Navigation and Timing for June 4th. - Read More Multi-agency Partnership for NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets Awarded 2019 Doug. D. Nebert NSDI Champion of the Year Award FGDC Steering Committee,  It is my great pleasure to announce that the recipient of the 2019 Doug D. Nebert National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) Champion of the Year Award is the multi-agency partnership responsible for developing the NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets.  The award honors Doug Nebert, who was a respected Federal Geographic Data Committee colleague, technical visionary, and recognized National and International leader in the establishment of spatial data infrastructures. The awardee was selected by a panel of geospatial representatives from Federal agencies and National Geospatial Advisory Committee members.  In the early 1990’s, the FGDC Subcommittee on Spatial Water Data, chartered as a joint subcommittee with the Advisory Committee on Water Information (ACWI), began developing the national vision and guidance for water-related geospatial framework data to advance the use of geospatial data to support understanding and managing of the Nation’s water resources. These efforts resulted in the development of the National Hydrography Dataset (NHD) and the Watershed Boundary Dataset (WBD)––geospatial datasets that map the Nation’s surface water network and hydrologic drainage areas. The NHD represents the Nation’s rivers, streams, canals, lakes, ponds, glaciers, coastline, dams, streamgages and related features.   The WBD is a comprehensive aggregated collection of hydrologic unit data representing drainage areas of the Nation. The NHD and WBD are the most up-to-date and geographically inclusive hydrography datasets for the Nation and have been cited ~6,400 times in an array of scholarly publications. Approximately 50,000 downloads of NHD and WBD geospatial datasets occur annually, and web services of the data receive 2-4 million hits per day. The NHD is also part of the USGS Topographic Base Map (nearly 10 million hits per day) as well as many other popular web maps provided by the private sector.   The NHD and WBD are managed under OMB Circular A-16 and as a part of the FGDC National Geospatial Data Assets Inland Water Theme, with collaboration, support, formalized stewardship agreements and cost-sharing with many other federal, state, and local entities.  Since their initial release, these components of The National Map have played vital roles in the management of water resources for the Nation. The first 1:100,000-scale NHD, released in 2000, was collaboratively produced by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS), and several cooperating states. Early NHD success generated interest in a more detailed NHD that led the USGS to partner with the U.S. Forest Service and numerous state cooperators to produce the high resolution NHD at 1:24,000-scale or better, which was completed in 2007. The states and other partners now support the NHD’s maintenance through a USGS-led data stewardship program that provides guidance, tools, and coordination.   The foundational work completed by the NHD and WBD teams was instrumental in the development of the FGDC Geospatial Information Framework data standard adopted in 2008. More than 150 applications that rely and build upon the NHD and WBD can be found in the NHDPlus Applications Catalog.  Applications of note include NOAA’s National Water Model, the Defense Threat Reduction Agency’s incident command tool for drinking water protection, USGS SPARROW water quality modeling, EPA National Aquatic Resources surveys, EPA Waters GeoViewer and the national Open Water Data Initiative. The framework established by this community has been taken up by the Aspen Institute and is being used in the development of the future Internet of Water initiative.    The teams responsible for developing these datasets and coordinating to leverage standards, shared data, tools, and systems enabled previously unimaginable advances in digital hydrography data and fostered more effective management and understanding of the nation’s water resources.  Doug Nebert was a pioneer and active team member who participated in the design, development and promotion of the NHD.  The NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets were developed and are now maintained through the collective efforts of many hundreds of people to the benefit of many thousands of users from all levels of government, private industry, academia, non-profit and international organizations.  The NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets initiative embodies the principles in OMB Circular A-16, applies National Geospatial Data Asset (NGDA) data for decision-making, and meets all eight foundational precepts of the Doug D. Nebert Award selection criteria.   While many individuals contributed to these geospatial data development projects, the following core team members responsible for the initial development of the datasets are being recognized:  From the Environmental Protection Agency  Wendy Blake-Coleman, Tim Bondelid, Tommy Dewald, Robert C. Horn, and Cindy McKay  From the US Department of Agriculture  U.S. Forest Service  Brian Sanborn  Natural Resources Conservation Service  Laura Davenport and Steve Nechero   From the U.S. Department of the Interior   U.S. Geological Survey  Blaine Ailts, Ellen Finelli, Keven Roth, Mike Domaratz, Jeff Simley, Paul Wiese, Karen Hanson, Kimberly Jones, Mike Laitta, Bob Pierce, Katherine Lins, Craig Johnston, Rich Moore, Curtis Price and Alan Rea  I also want to thank all of the participants that submitted nominations. We had a number of excellent nominees and we appreciate the interest from the community.  Please join me in congratulating the multi-agency partnership responsible for developing the NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets on their award.  Sincerely, Timothy Petty, Ph.D Chair, FGDC Multi-agency Partnership for NSDI Hydrographic Framework Datasets Awarded 2019 Doug. D. Nebert NSDI Champion of the Year Award - Read More DOI Appoints 13 Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee News Release - DOI Appoints 13 Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee DOI Appoints 13 Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee - Read More DOT Announces Release of Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) Specification Version 2 The WZDx Specification enables infrastructure owners and operators (IOOs) to make harmonized work zone data available for third party use. The WZDx Specification is intended to make travel on public roads safer and more efficient through ubiquitous access to data on work zone activity. DOT Announces Release of Work Zone Data Exchange (WZDx) Specification Version 2 - Read More FGDC Seeks Nominations for National Geospatial Advisory Committee The Department of the Interior and the Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) are seeking nominations for appointment to the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC). July 24, 2019 FGDC Seeks Nominations for National Geospatial Advisory Committee - Read More FGDC is now accepting nominations for 2019 Doug D. Nebert NSDI Champion Award The Federal Geographic Data Committee is now accepting nominations for the 2019 Doug D. Nebert National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) Champion of the Year Award. Doug was a recognized national and international leader in the establishment of spatial data infrastructures and technical visionary as well as a respected colleague. FGDC is now accepting nominations for 2019 Doug D. Nebert NSDI Champion Award - Read More HIFLD community awarded the 2018 Doug D. Nebert Award News release announcing that the recipient of the 2018 Doug D. Nebert National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) Champion of the Year Award is the Homeland Infrastructure Foundation-Level Data (HIFLD) community in support of the 2017 Hurricane season. HIFLD community awarded the 2018 Doug D. Nebert Award - Read More FGDC 2018 Annual Report now available News release announcing the availability of the FGDC 2018 Annual Report. FGDC 2018 Annual Report now available - Read More Department of the Interior Appoints 12 Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee April 11, 2019 The Department of the Interior has appointed 12 individuals to serve as members of the National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC). The NGAC provides advice and recommendations on national geospatial policy and management issues, the development of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI), and the implementation of the Geospatial Data Act of 2018. The NSDI promotes geospatial data sharing across all levels of government, the private and non-profit sectors, and the academic community. Interior has also appointed a new NGAC Chair, Keith Masback, who currently serves on the board of directors and is the former Chief Executive Officer for the U.S. Geospatial Intelligence Foundation. Mr. Masback previously served as the NGAC Vice Chair. Interior appointed a new NGAC Vice-Chair, Mark Reichardt, who is the Director of Strategic Opportunities with the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC). Mr. Reichardt formerly served as President and Chief Executive Officer for the OGC. The NGAC includes up to 30 members, selected to achieve a balanced representation of the varied interests associated with geospatial programs and technology. NGAC members serve staggered three-year terms on the committee. The new appointees to the NGAC are: Frank Avila, National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (reappointed to a second term) Sarah Battersby, Tableau Software (reappointed to a second term) Byron Bluehorse, University of Alaska Fairbanks Mike Hussey, State of Utah Xavier Irias, East Bay Municipal Utility District (reappointed to a second term) Sanjay Kumar, World Geospatial Industry Council Tony LaVoi, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Mark Reichardt, Open Geospatial Consortium Amber Reynolds, City of Lawrence, KS (reappointed to a second term) Christine Stinchcomb, Paulding County, GA Gary Thompson, State of North Carolina May Yuan, University of Texas – Dallas (reappointed to a second term) The NGAC meets three to four times per year. The public is invited to comment and make suggestions at all committee meetings, which will be announced by publication in the Federal Register at least 15 days before the meeting date. The U.S. Geological Survey, a bureau of the Department of the Interior, provides support services for the NGAC. The NGAC was authorized under the Geospatial Data Act of 2018. The NGAC operates under the Federal Advisory Committee Act, enacted by Congress in 1972 to ensure that advice rendered to the executive branch by advisory committees, task forces, boards, and commissions formed by Congress and the President, be objective and accessible to the public. The Act formalizes a process for establishing, operating, overseeing, and terminating these advisory bodies. Additional information about the NGAC, including a complete list of the committee members, is available at www.fgdc.gov/ngac. A PDF version of this release is available here. Department of the Interior Appoints 12 Members to National Geospatial Advisory Committee - Read More Championing Geospatial Data - FGDC Executive Director Ivan DeLoatch on the changing role of the FGDC News article Championing Geospatial Data - FGDC Executive Director Ivan DeLoatch on the changing role of the FGDC - Read More OSTP's Whole-community Hurricane Information Flows Workshop Report Now Available The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) hosted a Workshop on Whole Community Hurricane Information Flows on May 30, 2018. Roughly 100 participants attended the workshop. FGDC's Geospatial Platform is highlighted in the report. OSTP's Whole-community Hurricane Information Flows Workshop Report Now Available - Read More Senate Passes Resolution Recognizing November 15 as 'National GIS Day' Senate Passes GIS Day Resolution Following Successful Passage of Geospatial Data Act Senate Passes Resolution Recognizing November 15 as 'National GIS Day' - Read More FGDC Message on the Passage of the Geospatial Data Act of 2018 October 11, 2018 Dear Colleagues, I am pleased to let you know that on October 5, the President signed the Geospatial Data Act of 2018 (GDA) into law. The GDA was included as a component of HR. 302, the FAA Reauthorization Act. We would like to recognize the bipartisan sponsors of the GDA, Senators Hatch and Warner, and Representatives Westerman and Moulton, for their leadership in sponsoring the Act and seeing it through to final passage. I would also like to thank the many geospatial organizations who have advocated for the GDA and worked with Congress to develop consensus on the final bill language. The GDA reflects broad agreement from many different stakeholders across the geospatial community. The wide support for the GDA reflects growing recognition of the essential role of geospatial data and technology and highlights the need to support their continuing development as critical infrastructure. Collaborative relationships and partnerships are fundamental components of the GDA and the National Spatial Data Infrastructure, and we look forward to continued engagement with our partner organizations as we address the requirements of the Act. In the coming weeks and months, we will be working with FGDC agencies and with partners to develop thoughtful implementation strategies for the GDA. The GDA includes new responsibilities and processes, and will change the way that we manage geospatial programs across government. We are committed to working collaboratively to implement the GDA in an effective manner. We will continue to keep you informed as we work through the implementation process. We have set up a new page on the FGDC website, www.fgdc.gov/gda, where we will post updates and information about the implementation of the Act. We look forward to working with all of you on this important new legislation, and to supporting our shared interest in advancing the National Spatial Data Infrastructure. Regards, Timothy Petty, Ph.D. Assistant Secretary, Water and Science, Department of the Interior FGDC Message on the Passage of the Geospatial Data Act of 2018 - Read More NGAC Adopts New Papers on Data as a Service and Infrastructure The National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC) adopted several new products at its September 2018 meeting. These papers are timely and highly relevant to current activities related to the Federal Data Strategy and infrastructure initiatives. NGAC Adopts New Papers on Data as a Service and Infrastructure - Read More 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 ... 10 Next 20 items » Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers