Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources Polices & Planning Home Policy & Planning The U.S. Office of Management and Budget and the U.S. Congress set policy for Federal agencies. The Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC), a federal interagency coordinating committee established in law: Acts as the lead entity in the executive branch for the development, implementation and review of policies, practices, and standards relating to geospatial data. Leads the development and management of and operational decision making for the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) strategic plan and geospatial data policy. Establishes additional cross-government policies and guidelines on how the FGDC agencies collaboratively implement federal geospatial policies. Engages with other coordinating bodies responsible for implementing Federal data laws and policies, including the Federal Chief Data Officers Council (CDOC), established in the Foundations for Evidence-Based Policymaking act of 2018. Engages in on-going strategic planning to ensure continued investment of resources in high value programs, activities and technologies for the advancement of the NSDI. Policies A policy is an official plan or course of action intended to influence and determine decisions, actions and other matters. Guidelines denote one or more rules that describe a process. Geospatial Data Act of 2018 OMB Circular A-16 and Supplemental Guidance OMB Circulars that guide the FGDC policies Executive Order establishing the NSDI FGDC Policies FGDC Guidelines Planning The Geospatial Data Act and OMB Circular A-16 assign to the FGDC the responsibility to prepare and maintain a strategic plan for the development and implementation of the NSDI. NSDI Strategic Plans and Strategies Other FGDC Strategic Planning Activities National Geospatial Data Asset (NGDA) Management Plan (2014) Geospatial Platform Business Plan (2012) Geospatial Platform Modernization Roadmap (2011) OMB Circular A-16 Supplemental Guidance (2010) Geospatial Line of Business Common Solutions/Target Architecture (2006) Federal Enterprise Architecture Geospatial Profile (2006) Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers