Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources FGDC Executive Committee Home Organization Steering Committee FGDC Executive Committee The FGDC Executive Committee is a subset of the FGDC Steering Committee members and provides advice and guidance to the FGDC Chair and the Vice Chair on major Federal geospatial priorities and initiatives. The Executive Committee is co-chaired by the Executive Director of the FGDC and an annually approved Executive Committee member. The Executive Committee has representation from OMB and Federal agencies with major programmatic geospatial responsibilities. The Executive Committee provides strategic leadership, recommendations, and Federal interagency coordination to the FGDC in the development, implementation, and review of laws, policies, practices, and standards relating to geospatial data, implementation of FGDC initiatives, and coordination of responses to national issues and with applicable Federal interagency bodies. All final decisions are made by the FGDC Steering Committee. The roles and responsibilities and the working of the Executive Committee is described in the Executive Committee Charter. Membership Executive Committee members are Senior Agency Officials for Geospatial Information (SAOGI's) from the following agencies. Current SAOGI's are listed under the Steering Committee membership. Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Defense Department of Energy Department of Homeland Security Department of the Interior Department of Transportation Environmental Protection Agency National Aeronautics and Space Administration Office of Management and Budget Meetings The Executive Committee meets as needed at the invitation of the Executive Committee Co-Chairs. ExCom meetings are internal business meetings and attendance is limited to members. Key Documents Executive Committee Charter (pdf) Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers