Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Membership > Benefits Benefits AIAS Membership Benefits: What’s In It for You? Your AIAS membership entitles you to a whole host of benefits, everything from free and discounted access to AIAS programs, opportunities to network and connect with your fellow architecture students, the chance to participate in Association leadership and make change happen, and so much more! AIAS Programs BetterHelp The AIAS is excited to announce a new partnership with BetterHelp! Through this new member benefit, AIAS members can receive up to 4 free therapy sessions from a licensed therapist, no matter where in the world you are, and if you’d like to continue your therapy, you’re eligible for at least a 15 percent discount after that. (This offer is only for those who are not current users of BetterHelp.) Current members should have received an email with your unique login; if not, or if you have questions, please contact ed@aias.org. American Institute of Architects (AIA) AIAS members receive a 10% discount at the AIA Store (in DC and online store) when they use the code MEMBER. AIAS members can automatically roll over to AIA Associate membership for free for 18 months upon graduation.www.aia.org/join/assoc-newgrad AIA also provides a complimentary digital edition of ARCHITECT magazine to all AIAS members, as well as plenty of opportunities for engagement at AIAS conferences, local AIA chapters, and online. Conferences For more than 30 years the AIAS has been preparing future leaders in architecture through our AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference and Quad Conferences. AIAS Members receive special member pricing at these events. Grassroots Conference: Join your fellow AIAS members for 2-1/2 days of professional development, networking, and fun, all amidst the backdrop of our architecture- and history-rich Nation’s Capital! All members receive discounted registration fees to the full conference. Grassroots will be held July 20-23, 2023; details to follow soon! Quad Conferences: Looking to get to know architecture students and professionals from your area, or perhaps an area you’re considering working in? Quad conferences will be in full force in 2023–all members receive discounted registration fees. Dates and locations for 2023 Quad Conferences will be announced in early October! Virtual Career Expo/Portfolio Review: Whether you’re ready to start thinking about internship or job opportunities, AIAS is happy to offer you two different options no matter where in the world you are. The Virtual Career Expo will feature different architectural firms, organizations, and graduate schools, while the Portfolio Review will give you the chance to have your work seen by those currently working in the field. Participation in either or both events is free for AIAS members. The Portfolio Review will be held January 5, 2023; the Virtual Career Expo will be held January 6, 2023. Details to follow soon! Webinar Whether you’re looking for career prep, information about licensure, working with different materials, or so much more, AIAS’ webinar program may be a useful resource for you. AIAS conducts different webinars throughout the year, with its partners, committees/task forces, and others. You can view these webinars at any time, day or night, from the freedom of your screen! Webinars are free to AIAS members. Click here for more information. Get Involved Advocacy Through Committees and Task Forces Join a Committee: Do you want to make a difference in your association? Do you want to make your voice heard? All members, regardless of their experience in AIAS or architecture school, can apply to join a committee or task force. There is no one way to be a leader, and there are so many opportunities to use your voice and make a difference. No matter what you are passionate about, there is a committee for everyone. The opportunity to apply for committee service is open all year; click here for more information! Run for Office AIAS is the only association run by students, for students. If you have ideas of where the Association needs to go in the future, or an enthusiasm for serving the Association and its members, why not run for national office? Consider running for quad or regional director, or set your sights higher, and aim for president or vice president. It doesn’t matter if you’ve been a member of your chapter’s leadership before. More details and a timeline for the 2023-24 elections will be available later this year. Participate in Freedom by Design Freedom by Design™, the AIAS community service program in partnership with the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB), uses the talents of architecture students to radically impact the lives of people in their community through modest design and construction solutions. The program encourages students to serve their communities by addressing issues with design solutions. FBD provides real-world experience through working with clients, learning from local licensed architects and contractors, and experiencing the practical impacts of architecture and design. AIAS student chapters can receive a grant to help their projects progress. For more information, visit here. Become an NCARB Student Licensing Advisor Are you interested in learning more about the licensure process and helping others understand it and the value of an architectural license? You can sign up to join the NCARB’s licensing community and be connected to professionals across the U.S. (You might even be able to get a grant to attend Grassroots for free!) For more information on the licensing community, visit here, and if you’re interested in signing up to become a student licensing advisor, you can do so here. Become a NAAB Accreditation Team Student Representative The National Architecture Accrediting Board (NAAB) is responsible for the accreditation of architecture programs at colleges and universities across the country. As a student representative, you’ll have the opportunity to participate in site visits to evaluate architecture programs for accreditation decisions, and you’ll be an advocate for architectural accreditation. Visit here for more information on NAAB and the role of student representative, and if you’re interested in signing up to become a member of a visiting team, you can do so here. Become an AIAS Activist The AIAS Activist program (formerly known as AIAS Advocates) provides members with the opportunity to make an impact by using their voice and taking action on an issue or cause that is important to them. Learn how to combine the Association’s resources with your passion to make a difference. Visit here for more information, and if you’re interested in signing up to become an activist, you can do so here. Get Recognized Use the AIAS Designation Show the professional community your commitment to furthering the architecture profession as well as your dedication to the Association by using “AIAS” after your name on business cards, resumes, documents, etc. Write for CRIT Journal CRIT is the journal of the AIAS and the premier publication of students in architecture, design, and associated fields. Published since 1976, CRIT offers a variety of opportunities for AIAS members and acts as a forum for critical discourse and the dissemination of knowledge. CRIT presents opportunities for students to have their work published in a national journal that is read by thousands of students and is a part of the collections of nearly every architecture school library and a growing number of architecture firms. Additionally, contributing to CRIT is an opportunity to develop research and writing skills. For more information about submission guidelines and deadlines, email crit@aias.org. Become a CRIT Scholar CRIT Scholar is a research-based fellowship program funded by the American Institute of Architects (AIA) in partnership with several prominent architecture firms. The program aims to support student research and serves as an exclusive opportunity for students to receive further guidance in their own research. AIAS members passionate about architectural research can apply for a $1,000 grant to fund their research. In addition, the students selected for the program will be personally matched with an architect mentor who specializes in their topic area of research. There will be opportunities for students to present their research to the professional community at the close of the program. The next application cycle will begin in late fall 2022; visit here for more information on the program. Enter a Competition AIAS, often in collaboration with its national partners, will promote competitions in various areas of architecture. Members can enter as many competitions as they wish, and the winners of the competitions often receive monetary prizes and recognition. Competitions are held throughout the year; visit here frequently for the latest information. Apply for a Scholarship or Fellowship Architecture school tuition is among the most expensive for a higher education degree. This is before the cost of materials, food, housing, and expensive software. If you are looking for a little bit of financial help for school, or you are interested in winning an award to travel, why not apply for an architecture-specific scholarship or fellowship? AIAS has compiled a list of scholarships and fellowships here; check back periodically for up-to-date information on scholarships, grants, and awards available to architecture students! AIAS Honor Awards At the heart of all AIAS activities is a cooperative effort designed to transform today’s students into the architect and design professionals of tomorrow. This includes not only an active and involved student membership but also a close and mutually supportive role for faculty, professionals, the design community, and the corporate community who contribute to the advancement of the art and science of architecture. Each year the AIAS honors individuals and groups for their exemplary work in areas such as leadership, collaboration, scholarship, and service. The AIAS Honor Awards were developed to publicly recognize outstanding achievements by students, educators, and practitioners who have exhibited an exemplary commitment to the education and development of architecture students. Resources/Discounts Your AIAS membership provides you access to a number of resources and discounts, including: – Access to AIAS’ Learning & Teaching Culture Policy and AIAS’ Public Policies, to help you advocate at your school. – A full library of recordings and resources to be found here. – A free digital subscription to Architectural Record. – Check out the revamped Chapter Starter Pack with resources like AIAS 101 Presentations and Membership Guides can be found here. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings