Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources FGDC GeoPathways Initiative Home Initiatives FGDC GeoPathways Initiative In 2017, FGDC established the GeoPathways Initiative with the objective of nurturing and developing the next generation of Geospatial Analysts and professional users of geospatial data. Current students selected as part of the initiative are already actively working on their projects with their sponsors and advisors. Over the past 25 years the FGDC has advanced the use of geographic information through the development of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI). Since its inception FGDC has served as a national and global pioneer leading the development of spatial data infrastructures and geospatial services. In 2016 the FGDC public private partnership, published the NSDI Strategic Framework to support the continued development and expansion of the NSDI. A recent study by the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) estimated that the U.S. geospatial industry generated approximately $73 billion in annual revenue and comprises at least 500,000 high-wage jobs. BCG also found that geospatial services deliver efficiency gains in the rest of the economy that are valued at many times the size of the sector itself—with geospatial services driving $1.6 trillion in revenue and $1.4 trillion in cost savings. The same study forecasts 10% annual growth over the next five years and job growth is expected to grow 16% to 35% over the next several years. These benefits create an important competitive advantage for the U.S. economy, and create a growing number of high-wage technology jobs. The NSDI strategic framework acknowledges industry trends and the importance of the NSDI to support sustained growth in the geospatial industry. In 2017 the FGDC will participate in the State Department's Virtual Student Foreign Service program to engage the academic community in advancing the NSDI. The Virtual Student Foreign Service (VSFS) is an eight-month (September-May) remote internship program for U.S. citizen students, college-level and above, who would like to make a real difference in the work of the U.S. government. FGDC participation in the VSFS program provides a strategic opportunity for engagement with the future workforce in development and expansion of the NSDI. GeoPathways Timeline Program Highlights Reference Materials FGDC GeoPathways Initiative Overview - Developing the Next Generation of Professionals (pdf) - A presentation by Ivan DeLoatch, FGDC Executive Director. For more information about GeoPathways, please contact Rich Frazier, FGDC at efrazier@usgs.gov or 703-648-5733. Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers