Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > About > History History Blast from the Past The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) is an international organization for college-level students of architecture. It is the primary membership and advocacy organization for architecture students in the United States with international chapters and members as well. It was originally modeled roughly on the professional association called the American Institute of Architects (AIA). The association publishes Crit, Journal of the AIAS (short for critique) and hosts an international convention for students and professionals called FORUM. The organization also fulfills an advocacy role by representing its members to the American Institute of Architects, the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture (ACSA), the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB) and the National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB). The organization was founded in 1956; it was originally called the ‘National Architectural Student Association’ (NASA). Read our original Articles of Incorporation Read about our Board History 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings </html>