Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources National Address Database Home Topics National Address Database The Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) established the National Geospatial Data Asset (NGDA) Address Theme in August 2016. The Lead Agencies for the Theme are the Department of Transportation and the Department of Commerce, U.S. Census Bureau. A large component of the Address Theme will be a National Address Database. In September 2016, the Department of Transportation completed a National Address Database pilot project that included identifying a minimum data content guideline and examining approaches to assist counties that haven't previously had electronic address data. The FGDC Steering Committee, in concurrence with the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), approved the creation of a NGDA Address Theme on August 8, 2016. The addition of the new theme represents an official change to the list of NGDA Data Themes established as part of previous updates to OMB Circular A-16, Appendix E. The Address Theme will be supported by a subcommittee and will support the ongoing work to develop a National Address Database. The current list of NGDA Themes is available here. The National Geospatial Advisory Committee (NGAC) has provided very helpful advice and recommendations on the potential development of a National Address Database, including a 2012 white paper, “The Need for a National Address Database.” The NGAC has also developed use cases demonstrating the value and utility of a National Address Database. Resources NGAC Resolution (2018) National Address Database Federal User Requirements Workshop Final Report (2018) National Address Database Pilot Project Findings Report (2016) National States Geographic Information Council (NSGIC) – Address Points for the Nation (2015) National Address Database Summit – Summary Report (2015) NGAC Paper – The Need for a National Address Database – Use Cases (2014) NGAC Resolution (2013) NGAC Paper - The Need for a National Address Database (2012) Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers