Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan</a> Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources Geospatial Standards Home Standards Note: The Geospatial Data Act of 2018 (GDA) establishes the Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) as the lead entity in the executive branch of government for the development, implementation, and review of policies, practices, and standards relating to geospatial data. The GDA describes responsibilities related to geospatial standards for the FGDC and the agencies covered by the law (covered agencies). These responsibilities are reinforced by Office of Management and Budget Circular A-16 and OMB Circular A-119 (development and use of voluntary consensus standards). In the near future, FGDC will reestablish and resource a sustainable standards process, including implementing supporting governance requirements, updating and improving legacy processes, and validating standards for use as required under the GDA. Agencies should continue, to the extent possible in lieu of an active standards process, to develop, review, update, and achieve compliance with existing and pending standards, and become members of the appropriate FGDC standards body when active. (Approved by the FGDC 12/17/2021) Historically, the FGDC had an active standards process as part of its funded activities. Note that FGDC standards information may date to 2017 with updates pending the revised FGDC standards process. Standards facilitate development, sharing, and use of geospatial data and services. The FGDC develops or adopts geospatial standards for implementing the NSDI, in consultation and cooperation with State, local, and tribal governments, the private sector and academic community, and, to the extent feasible, the international community. Federal agencies that collect, use, or disseminate geographic information and/or carry out related spatial data activities shall use FGDC-endorsed standards both internally and through their activities involving partners, grants, and contracts. Non-Federal agencies are encouraged to use FGDC-endorsed standards to facilitate data sharing. Benefits There are numerous benefits of standards. FAQs Find answers about FGDC Standards. Standards Policies Find standards FGDC Endorsed Standards FGDC Standards under development Discontinued standards: these projects, which did not result in FGDC-endorsed standards, were discontinued at the request of the sponsor. ORGANIZATIONS The FGDC Standards WG works with other Federal standardization activities and external standards organizations to ensure the best possible technical foundation for data and web services, consistent with standards policies. FGDC Standards WG Other Federal standardization activities OMB Circular A-119 External standards organizations Standards under review ISO 19115-3:2016, Geographic information -- Metadata -- Part 3: XML schema implementation for fundamental concepts OGC Web Coverage Service (WCS) 2.0 + extensions, with retirement of WCS 1.1.2 OGC Web Processing Services (WPS) 2.0 [14-065], with confirmation of WPS 1.0.0 OGC Geography Markup Language GML 3.3 [10-129r1], with confirmation of GML 3.2.1 OGC Geography Markup Language (GML) simple features profile (with Corrigendum) (2.0) [10-100r3] OGC KML 2.3 [12-007r2], with confirmation of OGC KML 2.2.1 OGC Filter Encoding (FE) 2.0.2 [09-026r2], with retirement of FE 1.1 OGC GeoPackage 1.1 [12-128r12], with retirement of OGC GeoPackage 1.0, which has been deprecated OGC Web Services Context Document (OWS Context) 1.0 [12-080r2] and Atom Encoding standard 1.0 [12-084r2], with retirement of OGC Web Map Context News / Announcements Visit Overview of the FGDC standards program for a brief history and highlights of the FGDC standards program. The INCITS membership cycle begins December 1, 2017. OMB Circular A-119 (2016) directs Federal agencies to (1) use voluntary consensus standards in lieu of government unique standards and (2) participate in voluntary consensus standards bodies. It also expresses a preference for for international standards. INCITS Technical Committee L1 serves as the U.S. Technical Advisory Group to ISO Technical Committee 211, Geographic information/Geomatics. To join INCITS L1, visit Apply for Membership, http://www.incits.org/participation/apply-for-membership RESOURCES Geospatial Interoperability Reference Architecture (GIRA) Web PDF The GIRA discusses "[several] attempts to identify ‘base-line’ or ‘essential’ geospatial standards that could be included in scopes of work or procurement compliance language have been made." Schemas - for the Geographic Information Framework Data Standard (XML), Address Data Standard (XML), and the FGDC Content Standard for Digital Geospatial Metadata (DTD). FGDC Standards Development Process Standards education and training Get involved! The FGDC welcomes anyone who is interested in participating in and contributing to its geospatial standardization activities. The FGDC issues public requests for comments, proposals, information or technology. Your comments or submissions are encouraged. If you would like to keep up to date on FGDC standards activities and meetings, please contact the FGDC Standards Coordinator. CONTACT FGDC Standards Coordinator Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers