Home Who We Are Organization History Policies & Planning FGDC Secretariat What We Do ADVANCEMENT OF THE NSDI Geospatial Data Act Collaboration & Partnerships Develop Geospatial Shared Services Geospatial Platform Cloud Computing Geospatial Interoperability Manage Federal Geospatial Resources A-16 NGDA Portfolio Management Geospatial Platform Marketplace Standards Development Geospatial Metadata Initiatives Current NSDI Strategic Plan 2021-2024 Geospatial Platform Shared Services NGDA Management Plan Open Water Data Initiative National Address Database GeoPathways Disaster Risk Resilience Emerging Topics Geolocation Privacy Crowdsourcing Education & Workforce Development New Geodetic Datums Past Activities Cooperative Agreements Program Fifty States Initiative Geospatial Line of Business SmartBUY Organization Overview Steering Committee Executive Committee National Geospatial Advisory Committee Coordination Group Working Groups Subcommittees FGDC Secretariat Collaborating Partners Membership Directory Resources Key Publications Download Geospatial Standards Policies & Planning Lexicon of Geospatial Terminology FGDC Geospatial Services Status Checker News Calendar Media Resources Advancement of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure Home NSDI Advancement of the National Spatial Data Infrastructure Per the Geospatial Data Act of 2018, the National Spatial Data Infrastructure (NSDI) is defined as “… the technology, policies, criteria, standards, and employees necessary to promote geospatial data sharing throughout the Federal, State, Tribal, and local governments, and the private sector (including nonprofit organizations and institutions of higher education)”. The NSDI “shall ensure that geospatial data from multiple sources (including the covered agencies, State, local and tribal governments, the private sector, and institutions of higher education) is available and easily integrated to enhance the understanding of the physical and cultural world. The Federal Geographic Data Committee (FGDC) shall prepare and maintain a strategic plan for the development and implementation of the NSDI; and, shall advise Federal and non-Federal users of geospatial data on their responsibilities relating to implementation of the NSDI. (43 U.S.C. Ch. 46 – Geospatial Data) The NSDI Strategic Plan describes a shared national vision of the NSDI and includes goals and objectives the FGDC and partners will address to develop and maintain the nation’s spatial data infrastructure. A key element of the NSDI is the GeoPlatform which provides access to trusted geospatial data from various levels of government and a range of web-based geospatial services. Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Circular A-16, Coordination of Geographic Information and Related Spatial Data Activities, revised 2002, affirms the FGDC and describes the NSDI. Executive Order 12906, Coordinating Geographic Data Acquisition and Access: The National Spatial Data Infrastructure, likewise affirms the FGDC and NSDI. The NSDI facilitates seamless data development, information sharing, and collaborative decision making across multiple sectors of the economy. Contact Us Office: 12201 Sunrise Valley Dr. MS 590 Reston, VA 20192 Fax: (+1) 703 648 5755 Email: fgdc@fgdc.gov Subscribe to Our Mailing List for Important News & Updates Subscribe Like us Follow us RSS The Federal Geographic Data Committee. Policies & Notices / USA.gov Download Adobe Reader / Download Office Viewers