Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Membership > Sponsor a Member Sponsor a Member Sponsor a Member AIAS membership dues should not be a barrier to accessing the benefits that the AIAS has to offer. Many of these benefits provide members with access to information about the profession, networking opportunities, and leadership skills. These experiences are more important now than ever before. There are a few ways you can help! We believe in the power of small donations and are offering four different ways to donate. We also want to say thank you to those who are able to donate, so if you sponsor a member you can expect a letter in the mail with an AIAS sticker. If you sponsor four or more members we’ll be sending you an AIAS mug! Thank you in advance for your support! 4 Ways to Donate: A little goes a long way! Help out with a $10.00 donation! Sponsor a single member for $47.00 Sponsor four members for $188.00 Pitch in and sponsor even more members! As an option, you can also specify a chapter to help support. *If after 3 months no one from your selected chapter applies to use the grant money, we will then transfer your donation to our general fund for all members. Donate Now: Donation Options A little goes a long way! $10.00 USDSponsor 1 member: $47.00 USDSponsor 4 members: $188.00 USDSponsor 8 members: $376.00 USDSponsor 16 members: $752.00 USD Sponsor a specific chapter: Email Address: We are always accepting donations, and recurring donations can also be arranged with our office by emailing mailbox@aias.org. All donors will receive a receipt confirming their donation amount for tax purposes. Student Applications: The AIAS Membership Grant will be awarded on a rolling basis as funds are available to students who have indicated sufficient need. If you are interested in receiving a sponsored membership please fill out the application linked below. Apply Today The Impact of Membership “Although AIAS is famous for it’s superior networking and leadership opportunities, the one thing I’ve gotten the most from AIAS is confidence. You can find confidence through anything that challenges you to strive for high goals, and I found that again and again through AIAS. The people, potential, and support that this organization offers can put you in a mindset of confidence that has limitless applications.” -Sarah Wahlgren “AIAS helped me to believe in myself and helped me realize that my voice matters (even when it’s the minority) and that I should speak up when I feel passionate about something.” -Deana Moore “AIAS provided three unique opportunities: (1) it taught me the value of building relationships, (2) it gave me the opportunity to learn and practice leading complex projects and organizations, and (3) it shaped and challenged my point of view on the profession’s most pressing issues.” -Andrew Caruso “Without my volunteer experience and being a part of the AIAS family I don’t think I would have known, or truly understood, AIA and the collateral organizations—and that’s the universe I work in every day now. It’s fair to say I owe the start of my career to my AIAS experience; without my peers and mentors in the profession I wouldn’t be where I am today (even if it isn’t where I thought I’d be when I first started my architecture journey).” -Ashley Respecki “Although all my experiences and opportunities were wonderful, the people I met through AIAS literally changed my life. I landed both of my professional positions because of people I had met through AIAS. I am forever grateful, and I hope to be able to pay it forward for others I met through AIAS.” -Kirsten Keane AIAS Members Today September Chapter Leader of the Month: Colt Brock April 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Anh Luc March Chapter Leader of the Month: Stephanie Handy February 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Katie Cherrier January 2020 Chapter Leader of the Month: Jennifer Pineda November 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Hunter Thurlo October 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Haley Evans September 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Nicholas Romero August 2019 Chapter Leader of the Month: Elizabeth Caccavano More Information Questions? If you have other questions please contact us at mailbox@aias.org or give us a call at 202-808-0075. 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings