Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join Loading view. Events Search and Views Navigation Search Enter Keyword. Search for Events by Keyword. Find Events Event Views Navigation List List Month Day Today Now onwards Now onwards Select date. February 2023 Tue 7 February 7 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm AIAS FEBRUARY 7TH NATIONAL TOWN HALL Join President Cooper Moore and Vice President Nicole Bass on Tuesday February 7th for the first Town Hall of the new year! Show up with comments, questions, and concerns regarding the state of the AIAS. Thu 9 February 9 @ 4:00 pm - 5:30 pm AIAS – Thrive Webinar Series – Requisite Autonomy to Revivify the Master Builder Zoom Join us for another THRIVE webinar Watch Party on February 9, 2023, at 4:00 pm EST with AISC featuring Stan Carroll's design and fabrication process using computational methods March 2023 Thu 9 March 9 - March 12 2023 Midwest Quad Conference – “RE-imagine” – University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee Re-imagine is a continuation of the AIAS mission to stabilize after the pandemic and encapsulates today’s essence of architecture within Milwaukee, Wisconsin. With the completion of the world’s tallest mass-timber building, the new design of the Milwaukee Public Museum which will break ground in 2023, and the city’s rich, multicultural history, Milwaukee exemplifies the way history can help the re-imagination of the future. Through firm and landmark visits, cultural experiences (and GOOD FOOD!), lectures, networking opportunities, and workshops, our UW-Milwaukee Team hopes to provide the Midwest with the resources to re-imagine their communities to improve the future! Thu 16 March 16 - March 19 2023 West Quad Conference – “Extremes” – Arizona State University The theme of this conference is based on the architectural and urban challenges that Arizona faces as one of the hottest states in the U.S. Confronted by 111 annual days of triple digit heat, a continuing water crisis as population booms, and a 454% increase in heat related deaths since 2014, the crisis is, in fact, here. Although it is one of the hottest locations, in the next 30 years, many other cities will be faced with the same challenges. So the “Extremes: Urban Adaptation and Innovation” conference will serve as a warning sign, a display of experimentation, and innovation in dire circumstances in the land of scorching growth. Thu 30 March 30 - April 2 2023 South Quad Conference – “Revival” – Savannah College of Art & Design When we leave Savannah, the topic of preservation shapes our thinking and goal of restoring the virtues of preservation and the purpose of a place. Savannah’s National Historic Landmark District is an unrivaled setting for architectural studies. The city’s extensive urban plan and diverse architecture are admired by architects and planners worldwide. Savannah and the surrounding region provide a learning environment that informs the SCAD architecture curriculum through exposure to the urban scale and contextual design and an awareness of the personal scale and relationship between the pedestrian and the city. Students live, work, and play in Savannah, one of the United States’ most extensive National Historic Landmark Districts. SCAD has restored nearly 60 historic buildings in the city, which are now filled with art, beauty, and technology for students to use as a source of insight and inspiration. Outside the university, students work on regional projects, gaining real-world experience while balancing business demands, local priorities, sustainability, and heritage value. Thu 30 March 30 - April 2 2023 Northeast Quad Conference – “SP[ARCH]” – Marywood University SP will host students at Marywood University and offer programming within downtown Scranton. This conference will explore the historic origins of Scranton born from iron, coal, and steam, to electricity and beyond. Scranton was birthplace and home to a young Jane Jacobs, a predominant architectural advocate for higher density in cities, short blocks, local economies, and mixed uses. We are excited to share this rich history of Scranton, our city, to the Northeast Quad through local firm tours, historic and cultural city tours. Additionally, we have exciting studio workshops planned to cover 3D printing, design build challenges, birditecture, and a live K-12 workshop with the students of Nativity Miguel. Finally, attendees will be invited to attend a career expo with business professionals, our annual Beaux Arts Ball, and informal Council of Presidents meeting. April 2023 Tue 4 April 4 @ 12:00 pm - 1:00 pm AIAS APRIL 4TH NATIONAL TOWN HALL Join President Cooper Moore and Vice President Nicole Bass on Tuesday April 4th for the National Town Hall! Show up with comments, questions, and concerns regarding the state of the AIAS. June 2023 Tue 13 June 13 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm AIAS JUNE 13TH NATIONAL TOWN HALL Join President Cooper Moore and Vice President Nicole Bass on Tuesday June 13th for the National Town Hall! Show up with comments, questions, and concerns regarding the state of the AIAS. Previous Events Today Next Events Export Events 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings