Join or Renew Today! Swag My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join About About AIAS Team History Governance 2022 Elections Advocacy Student Hill Day FAQs Membership Membership High School Membership Benefits Update Chapter Information Sponsor a Member Start a New Chapter Pay Chapter Dues AIAS Graduates – Class of 2022 Honor Awards AIAS Merch Chapters Chapters Northeast Quad South Quad Midwest Quad West Quad International Chapter Leader of the Month Chapter of the Month Events Events Calendar Submit Your Chapter Event Grassroots 2022 Event Recordings 2023 AIAS Governance Weekend Freedom By Design What is Freedom By Design How to Get Started Project Content Upload Freedom by Design Project Portfolios Freedom by Design Case Studies CRIT CRIT Journal CRIT Scholar Competitions Career Career AIAS Career Center Moore Opportunity Scholarship Scholarships & Fellowships I Want to Work In Ask An Architect Volunteers Resources Resources Software Survival Guide Digital Resources Guide Licensing Advisors Partners Partner with AIAS National Partners Collegiate Associates Alumni Partners Amazon Smile News My Account Join Join AIAS > Freedom By Design Freedom By Design WHAT IS FREEDOM BY DESIGN ™? Freedom by Design™, the AIAS community service program in partnership with the National Council of Architectural Registration Boards (NCARB), uses the talents of architecture students to radically impact the lives of people in their community through modest design and construction solutions. The program embraces efforts to provide both design-build and engagement solutions to address 5 barriers: Physical Educational Environmental Socio-Economic Cultural Freedom by Design™ (FBD) encourages students to serve their communities by addressing issues with design solutions. FBD provides real-world experience through working with clients, learning from local licensed architects and contractors, and experiencing the practical impacts of architecture and design. All AIAS Chapters are encouraged to establish a Freedom by Design program at their university. Please see how you can get involved below. Freedom by Design Sponsors Declare Your Project! Apply for Grant Funding! Donate to Freedom by Design Donate to the AIAS Freedom by Design Program: How to Get Started For AIAS Chapters The AIAS is committed to giving students educational resources, professional development, and community service opportunities. FBD empowers architecture students to become owners in a process that radically impacts the lives of people through design-build and engagement solutions. HOW TO START A FREEDOM BY DESIGN™ PROGRAM Identify these key roles for your FBD leadership team: Director: The Director acts as the primary link between the local AIAS Chapter, FBD Program and the AIAS National Office. Directors are responsible for general oversight of the program, attending the annual AIAS Freedom by Design tracks and Orientation each year at AIAS Grassroots, leading client interviews and overseeing the selection process, and periodically with support from their chapter president, updating the AIAS on the progress of the program. Project Manager: The Project Manager is responsible for overseeing a specific Freedom by Design project, including establishing the schedule, coordinating the building approval process, and coordinating team members. Fundraising Manager: The Development Manager is responsible for developing a fundraising strategy and locating donated materials. Public Relations/Historian: The Historian is responsible for recording the progress of the team and assembling presentations for the AIAS Office. Design Mentor: The Design Mentor is a licensed, local architect who helps to guide the team through the design process, including critiquing design solutions and overseeing the creation of construction documents. Construction Mentor: The Construction Mentor is a local builder who helps to guide the team through the build process, including providing the necessary equipment and overseeing the actual construction. You will need to include a form signed by all team members acknowledging their willingness to participate for the project year. Attendance at the annual AIAS Grassroots Leadership Conference in Washington, D.C. is strongly encouraged for incoming FBD leaders, especially the FBD Director. FBD sessions at Grassroots will establish the fundamentals of FBD management and project delivery. This year, Grassroots is July 6th-9th, 2017. Register today! Regular registration ends June 1st! HOW TO START A FREEDOM BY DESIGN™ PROJECT Starting in the Fall of 2017, chapters can declare a FBD project at any point in the year. After finding a client and defining a project, declaring allows the AIAS National Office to feature your project nationally and provide support. After declaring, chapters also have the option apply for *grant funding which will be allocated three times a year: October 15th, February 15th, April 15th. *Grants are allocated based on quality of grant application, grant availability, and attendance at Grassroots. For Communities The AIAS Freedom by Design Program empowers architecture students to become owners in a process that radically impacts the lives of people through design-build solutions. While our students are eager to design and build this work – this must be a community effort. The AIAS is seeking participation from individuals, companies, and organization to support this innovative and important endeavor. How You Can Support A Freedom By Design Program Professional Involvement Local professionals are crucial in the client selection and design build process. Licensed architects, contractors, and health professionals make ideal mentors as students design, attain permits, and construct life-changing solutions. Your volunteered time is a two-fold benefit to AIAS Freedom by Design. While you help create a safe and affordable project for the client, your mentorship of the students in an AIAS Freedom by Design team is also invaluable. Community Involvement Partners within communities are not only critical to the execution and completion of projects but also in the selection of clients in need. If you know of a person, business, or family in your community that could benefit from the work of Freedom by Design connect with us at freedom@aias.org. For Professionals and Mentors Architectural Mentorship Architecture is a practice that is deeply rooted in a value for mentorship between professional and student. A Design Mentor is vital to the success in projects in a variety of ways though client relations, professional guidance, and experience. Construction Mentorship The most meaningful part of the program for some students in the program is the opportunity to build a client their own custom made design. Students crave an opportunity to gain firsthand experience from building these powerful projects. This portion of the program would not be possible without the professional skills of a Construction Mentor. During this mentoring opportunity, construction professionals can work closely with the students to create cost-effective solutions while also educating the next generation of designers on aspects of site conditions, common building practices, and site. Resources 2021 FBD Manual Team Waiver FBD Volunteer Release Agreement FBD Client Release Agreement FBD Photo Release Form FBD AXP Hours Guide FBD Sample Estimating Spreadsheet FBD Sample Project Schedule FBD Project Content Upload Interested in sharing your project with the AIAS National Office? Share pictures, videos, or a description of your project through the form below! Please be sure to read the “MUST READ” document before uploading anything to this folder! Welcome! As of 2022, this will be the official process for FBD Programs to upload their documentation for projects, finished and/or in progress. We are delighted to have your FBD Program use this AIAS Google Drive folder as a space to share all the amazing things you have and will work on! As this is a collective, open method for all to use, there are a couple of points you must know on how to use and manage your documents here. We cannot wait to look at all the amazing work and impact you have been able to make! Don’t forget to … Document. Document. Document! – 2021-2022 Freedom By Design Advisory Committee UPLOAD CONTENT FBD Case Studies Illinois Institute of Technology Freedom by Design Project (2017) University of Kansas Freedom by Design Project (2017) University of Minnesota Freedom by Design Project (2017) Roger Williams University Freedom by Design Project (2016) FBD Project Portfolios 2021-2022 Projects: University of Colorado – Denver CUNY City College of New York 2017-2018 Projects: Clemson University Illinois Institute of Technology 2016-2017 Projects: North Dakota State University UNC Charlotte University of Kansas University of Hawaii-Manoa News Re-Focusing: Leadership Day at Grassroots Re-Introducing NCARB at AIAS Grassroots How Your Chapter Can Prepare and Re-Organize for Grassroots 2022! Grants for FBD Director Attendance at AIAS Grassroots Available for 2022! Spring 2022 Freedom by Design Grant Recipients October Fireside Chat: The Return of FBD Freedom By Design NCARB Grant Application Celebrating 15 years of Freedom by Design : A FBD15 Recap Fall 2019 Freedom by Design Grant Recipients 1735 New York Avenue, NW 3rd Floor Washington, DC 20006 E: mailbox@aias.org | P: 202.808.0075 © 2023 The American Institute of Architecture Students. All Rights Reserved. Site by Dupont Creative | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more. If you continue to use our website, we'll assume you are OK with this. Hide this message Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Powered by GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Enable All Save Settings