Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement ERGs GRIOT Employee Resource Group Overview Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are proven initiatives that increase engagement, retention, and development of diverse talent. Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement offers six ERGs to build community and ensure that employees experience a greater sense of belonging. These voluntary employee associations, organized around common dimensions of diversity, have been designed to offer forums where employees can enhance their employment experience. Purpose GRIOT envisions a world where the talents and contributions of African heritage faculty and staff members are leveraged, recognized, and respected and where the commitment to the inclusion and valuing of African heritage faculty and staff is visible. With more than 750 members, GRIOT’s mission is to promote cultural and professional development, holistic wellness, networking, mentorship, leadership, and scholarly programs in support of African heritage faculty and staff. GRIOT strives to: Provide a forum for discussions and the exchange of ideas about matters of interest to African heritage staff, faculty, and their allies at Georgia Tech; Provide a unified voice to the administration and the broader Georgia Tech community on matters of interest to African heritage employees; Promote an environment that supports the recruitment, retention, and professional growth and development of African heritage employees; Provide a mutually supportive, social, and cultural environment to celebrate the contributions of persons of African heritage at Georgia Tech. Leadership Team Current Leadership Team Executive Champion: Charles L. Isbell, Dean, College of Computing Principal Empowerment Officer: Tammy McCoy, TA Development and Future Faculty Specialist, Center for Teaching and Learning Principal Staff/Faculty Liaison: Courtney Sykes, Senior Development Assistant, Woodruff School of Mechanical Engineering Principal Staff/Faculty Liaison: Cedric Trice, Program Support Coordinator, Center for Engineering Education and Diversity Recruitment and Retention Co-Chair: Kim L. Paige, Educational Outreach Manager, Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering Recruitment and Retention Co-Chair: Professional Development Co-Chair: Destiny Boyd, Financial Administrator III, Office of the Provost Professional Development Co-Chair: Employee Engagement Co-Chair: David L. Brown, Electrician II, Georgia Tech Facilities Management Employee Engagement Co-Chair: Tammie Long, Assistant Director, Program Development, Georgia Tech Professional Education Communications and Marketing Co-Chair: Raquel Plaskett, Faculty Support Coordinator, School of Electrical and Computer Engineering Communications and Marketing Co-Chair: Special Committee Co-Chair, M.E.N. on Campus: Byron N. Fitch, Senior Consultant, Georgia Tech Strategic Consulting Special Committee Co-Chair, Black Women at Tech: Candice Bovian, Program Manager, Employee Wellbeing and Engagement, Office of Human Resources Juneteenth Resources Join an Employee Resource Group Learn more about the seven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) offered at Georgia Tech. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Learn More Sign up for an ERG All faculty and staff members are invited to be part of any ERG. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Sign Up View Upcoming Events Learn more about GRIOT’s upcoming events. View Upcoming Events View Past Events Learn more about GRIOT’s past events. View Past Events Experience the Photographic Portraits Captured by professional photographer Adam Mastoon, the Transformative Narratives’ 24 artistically embellished photographic portraits showcases the rich tapestry of our diverse faculty, staff, and student population. View Photographic Portraits Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login