Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Leadership Development Leading Women@Tech “Many staff women feel isolated at Georgia Tech, and they are seeking more career advancement and collaboration opportunities. I look forward to learning, sharing, giving, supporting, and growing in this program.” —Amy Henry, Executive Director of the Office of International Education Overview One of the major findings from Georgia Tech’s Climate Assessment Survey in 2012 was an expressed desire for targeted professional development opportunities for staff women. This desire was echoed in the president’s discussion groups on inclusiveness and gender equity. Led by Pearl Alexander, executive director of Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement, the Leading Women@Tech program was launched to engage senior and emerging women leaders at the Institute. Primary Responsibilities Building Community – Creates empowerment opportunities for women leaders and builds a community of women who will advance a culture of inclusive excellence at Georgia Tech. Supporting Career Development – Strengthens leadership ability, enhances personal and professional growth, and supports participants’ overall career development. Program Activities Monthly program activities include skill building in the areas of efficacy, mentoring, negotiations, collaborations, multiple role management, and mindful leadership (mind-body approaches to leadership and work). The program also includes an optional coaching component that will deepen individual learning and empower participants to act on their career and life goals. To view the Leading Women@Tech participants and sessions, visit diversity.gatech.edu/leadingwomenattech. Twenty-six staff women participated in the second cohort of the Leading Women@Tech program. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login