Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement ERGs RESILIENCE Employee Resource Group Overview Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are proven initiatives that increase engagement, retention, and development of diverse talent. Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement offers six ERGs to build community and ensure that employees experience a greater sense of belonging. These voluntary employee associations, organized around common dimensions of diversity, have been designed to offer forums where employees can enhance their employment experience. RESILIENCE is an ERG that engages people around the diversity of their lived experiences. Learn more and get involved: Upcoming Events (click here for details and the schedule) Past Events (click here to access materials and recordings) About the RESILIENCE ERG RESILIENCE Leadership Team Resilience Resources Purpose RESILIENCE ERG works in collaboration with partners across campus to provide experiences that help participants to increase resilience and strength, and proactively mitigate the impact of routine stress, crisis, and change. Program activities include educational experiences, facilitated dialogues, mentoring, and peer support. <a href="https://www.youtube.com/embed/aXWZnEtXmWQ?rel=0&amp;enablejsapi=1&amp;origin=https%3A//sdie.gatech.edu&amp;wmode=opaque">Embedded video for RESILIENCE Employee Resource Group </a> Resilience has been defined as the “ability to bounce back from adversity, to overcome and work through challenges, and to use those times to learn, grow, and break through in order to thrive versus just survive.” (Graham, Cuthbert, and Sloan; 2012). “We knew the RESILIENCE ERG would have far-reaching impact to the campus community. We thought it would be useful to strengthen employees by developing their individual capacities to proactively navigate both routine and extraordinary life challenges.” –Cheryl Cofield, director of inclusion and engagement, Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement Join an Employee Resource Group Learn more about the seven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) offered at Georgia Tech. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Learn More Sign up for an ERG All faculty and staff members are invited to be part of any ERG. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Sign Up Access Resources Access resources to develop resilience, including books, articles, and videos. Access Resources View Upcoming Events Learn more about RESILIENCE's upcoming events. View Upcoming Events View Past Events and Related Materials Learn more about RESILIENCE's past events. View Past Events and Related Materials Experience the Photographic Portraits Captured by professional photographer Adam Mastoon, the Transformative Narratives’ 24 artistically embellished photographic portraits showcases the rich tapestry of our diverse faculty, staff, and student population. View Photographic Portraits Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login