Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Events Hispanic Heritage Month Hispanic Heritage Month (HHM) events at Georgia Tech celebrate and recognize the economic, scientific, cultural, and social contributions of Hispanics and Latinos in the United States. The Office of Hispanic Initiatives (OHI) advises a student committee to coordinate efforts with several Hispanic/Latino student organizations in organizing the Hispanic Heritage Month celebration from mid-September through mid-October. 2022 events sponsored and co-sponsored by the Office of Hispanic Initiatives include: Spotlights of Georgia Tech Hispanic/Latin faculty and staff Every week between September 15 and October 15 (Via email) The Hispanic Or Latinos and Allies (HOLA) and the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) Identify Employee Resource Groups will spotlight several Hispanic/Latino faculty and staff who have made an impact at Georgia Tech. Spanish Mass and Hispanic Heritage Month Fiesta! Thursday, September 22, 5:30 p.m. Georgia Tech Catholic Center (located at 172 Fourth St. NW Atlanta, GA 30313) All are welcome to this event! Dinner and desserts will be provided after the mass as well as games, music, and more during the fiesta. Mini World Cup Friday, September 23, 12:30 - 6:00 p.m. Roe Stamps Fields, next to the CRC Students will display their commitment to teamwork and love for soccer by participating in this friendly competition. Teams will represent different countries. First- and second-place teams will receive a trophy and medals. A maximum of 12 teams will be accepted. Hosted by the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (GT-SHPE) with the support of the Office of Hispanic Initiatives. Sponsored by Capital One. Direct to Discovery - Cuentos con Científicos (Virtual) Thursday, September 29, 10:00 - 11:00 a.m. and 3:30 - 4:30 p.m. This fun and interactive virtual event will engage K-5 students in STEM-focused story time with Hispanic/Latin scientists and engineers from Georgia Tech. Presenters will read a short bilingual picture book to the audience, briefly discuss their interesting careers and lives, and answer questions from participating students. Two 1-hour long sessions via Zoom will be offered: one during school hours with a target audience of Dual-Language Immersion schools, and another in the afternoon/early evening for students in afterschool programs at various public libraries in the metro Atlanta area or at their homes. Hosted by STEM@GTRI, the GT Library, and the GT Office of Hispanic Initiatives. Hispanic/Latinx Trivia Night Thursday, October 6, 6:00 - 7:00 p.m. Marcus Nanotechnology Building, Room 1117 This fun and interesting trivia event will demonstrate the diversity of Hispanic and Latin cultures. Questions will be asked about Georgia Tech’s Hispanic/Latin community, local, national, and internationally renowned Hispanics/Latinxs, as well as the music, foods, history, artists, authors, scientists, athletes, cultures, etc. of the many Hispanic/Latin countries. Food will be served, and prizes will be awarded. Come with your team of up to 4 people or make your team at the event. Hosted by the Latino Organization of Graduate Students (LOGRAS) and the Georgia Tech Hispanic Alumni Network (GT-HAN). Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Inspiring Radical Creativity: Empowering Diverse Voices to Tell Their Own Stories, feat. Gabby Rivera Monday, October 10, 3:00 - 4:30 p.m. John Lewis Student Center, Atlantic Theater As part of Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion’s Intercultural Lecture Series, the 2022 Hispanic Heritage Month lecture will feature Gabby Rivera, writer, speaker, storyteller, and author of Juliet Takes a Breath and the Marvel comic series America. Co-sponsored by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI), the GoSTEM Program, and the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion (CSDI). Learn more at hispanicoffice.gatech.edu/2022-hispanic-heritage-month-lecture. Hispanic Alumni Networking October 12, 3:00 - 6:00 p.m. Alumni House (located at 190 North Avenue NW, Atlanta, GA 30313) Come out to meet and network with Georgia Tech alumni. Learn about career development and opportunities in various industries during a fun panel discussion. Door prizes. Light food will be served. Casual attire. Hosted by GT Career Center with the support of the Office of Hispanic Initiatives. HHM Closing Banquet Wednesday, October 12, 6:00 - 8:00 p.m. Student Success Center, Press Rooms A & B Authentic Latin-American cuisine, raffles, Buzz. The dress code is casual. Limited seating. Hosted by the Latin American Student Organization (LASO) in collaboration with OHI. Rosario Marin greeted attendees and signed copies of her memoir, Leading Between Two Worlds: Lessons from the First Mexican-Born Treasurer of the United States, following her 2019 Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture speech. Meet the Director Learn more about the director of OHI, and please contact Jorge Breton for any questions about our programs and events. Learn More Student Spotlights Check out the spotlights of some of The Goizueta Foundation Scholars and Fellows. Read Spotlights Read the Brochure Learn more about our goals, programs, and events in this informative brochure. Read Brochure Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login