Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News Institute News 2022 Diversity Champion Awards Seeking Nominations Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now accepting nominations for the 2022 Diversity Champion Awards, honoring one student, staff and faculty member, and one unit who have worked to advance a culture of inclusion and belonging at Georgia Tech. New Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Provides Roadmap to a More Inclusive Georgia Tech With the launch of its first ever strategic plan for diversity, equity, and inclusion, Georgia Tech is carving a path towards a more inclusive campus community. Philonise Floyd Named Featured Speaker at 2022 Black History Month Lecture Philonise Floyd, activist and brother of George Floyd, will be the featured speaker at the 2022 Black History Month Lecture. Black History Month Viewing Recommendations Faculty and staff members recommend documentaries, feature films, and television series that explore race, identity, history, and memory. Banners Herald 60th Anniversary of Black Student Matriculation Celebratory banners will be on display through end of May. Tech ‘Trailblazers’ to Receive Ivan Allen Jr. Prize Ford Greene, Ralph Long Jr., and Lawrence Williams, Georgia Tech’s first Black students, and Ronald Yancey, Tech’s first Black graduate, will receive the 2022 Ivan Allen Jr. Prize for Social Courage. Black Media Studies Minor Approved by Georgia Tech Academic Faculty Senate Tech Alumnus Elected Mayor of Atlanta Alumnus and former Georgia Tech staff member Andre Dickens will be the 61st mayor of Atlanta. Renovated Student Center Name to Honor John Lewis The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia has approved the naming of Georgia Tech’s Student Center in honor of John Lewis, the renowned civil and human rights leader and longtime U.S. representative from Georgia’s fifth congressional district. Undergraduate German Student Selected as Panelist for Anti-Black Racism Study Abroad Discussion ISyE Alumnus Theodore Colbert III: 2022 Black Engineer of the Year ISyE alumnus Ted Colbert III will be honored as the 2022 Black Engineer of the Year (BEYA) at the 36th annual BEYA STEM Conference. Hispanic and Latinx Heritage: President Ángel Cabrera on Representation, Mentoring, Leadership President Ángel Cabrera is among just a handful of Hispanic leaders to helm a major U.S. university. This National Hispanic Heritage Month, he reflects on his time as a student in the College of Sciences at Georgia Tech — and speaks to the critical role of recruiting and supporting more Hispanic and Latinx students and faculty in STEM. Georgia Tech Announces New Chief Information Security Officer After a national search, the Georgia Institute of Technology has selected Leo Howell as its new chief information security officer. Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Celebrates Anti-Racism Activism The 13th annual Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium was hosted Sept. 15, sponsored by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. Office of Hispanic Initiatives Celebrates 2021 Hispanic Heritage Month Georgia Tech's Office of Hispanic Initiatives will sponsor and co-sponsor a host of virtual and in-person events open to faculty, staff, and students in celebration of 2021 Hispanic Heritage Month. OMED Welcomes Incoming First-Year Students to 41st Challenge Program OMED welcomed incoming first-year students to its 41st annual challenge program, a five-week, summer-intensive academic program. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Welcomes Diley Hernández as Associate Vice President Following a national search, Diley Hernández was selected as associate vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. She began her new role on July 6. Career Alliance Aligns Recent and Soon-to-Be Graduates with Post-Graduation Success The Career Alliance @ Georgia Tech is a new initiative that provides traditionally underrepresented students with focused support for success in today’s competitive job market. OMED and Campus Black Student Organizations Join to Host Juneteenth Events at Tech On June 18, the Office of Minority Educational Development and campus Black student organizations partnered to host Juneteenth events, which included a virtual discussion led by Associate Professor André Brock and an afternoon celebration on Tech Green. Georgia Tech Alumnus M. Brian Blake Named Georgia State University President Georgia Tech alumnus M. Brian Blake, provost and executive vice president for academic affairs at George Washington University, has been named Georgia State University’s first Black president. George Floyd – One Year Later One year after the death of George Floyd, Archie Ervin, vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, shares a reflection and hope for the Georgia Tech community. Tower Awards Celebrate 27th Year The 2021 Tower Awards were hosted by OMED on April 8 and 9. This year marked the 27th year the awards have celebrated the academic achievements of traditionally underrepresented minority students at Georgia Tech. Georgia Tech’s Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology Host 2021 Distinguished Lecture The Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) at Georgia Tech hosted its 2021 WST Distinguished Lecture event featuring Purdue University's Ellen Ernst Kossek. Impact Living Learning Community Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council Gets To Work The Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council has launched three working groups comprised of Council members and issue-area experts from across the campus. Ph.D. Student Earns 2021 Focus Fellowship from Georgia Tech's Office of Minority Educational Development Naomi Davis: Behind the Mask A photo of second-year student Naomi Davis in a Georgia Tech protective face mask has gone viral around campus. Angela Davis Talks Activism and Reform at 2021 Black History Month Lecture Activist, author, and educator Angela Davis delivered a virtual keynote address at Georgia Tech’s 2021 Black History Month Lecture on Feb. 10. The lecture was seen by more than 1,700 unique viewers. Augustine Esogbue: First in Class As the first Black IE/OR Ph.D. in the world, and Georgia Tech's first Black tenured professor, Esogbue has been a trailblazer throughout his academic career. Angela Davis to Give Keynote at 2021 Georgia Tech Black History Month Lecture Angela Davis, political activist, philosopher, educator, and author, will be the keynote speaker at Georgia Tech’s 2021 Black History Month Lecture on Feb. 10. Al Vivian Leads Race at Georgia Tech Conversation Al Vivian, son of civil rights leader C.T. Vivian, was the keynote speaker for the Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action conversation on Thursday, Jan. 21. Georgia Tech Focus Program Hosted Virtually For First Time In 29-Year History The 2021 Focus Program was hosted virtually for the first time in its 29-year history. This year’s program brought together over 300 registered participants in a multidimensional interactive virtual platform. Award-winning Journalist Nikole Hannah-Jones Leads 2021 Georgia Tech Martin Luther King Jr. Lecture Discussion Nikole Hannah-Jones, award-winning investigative journalist and creator of The New York Times Magazine’s “The 1619 Project,” led a discussion of her landmark multimedia initiative at the Institute’s 10th annual Martin Luther King Jr. Lecture on Jan. 14. Georgia Tech Martin Luther King Jr. Recognition Event Series Set for 2021 The stage is set for the campus' 2021 Martin Luther King Jr. celebration and commemorative event series, featuring several mostly virtual events. Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council Formed to Further Address Campus Disparity, Bias, and Inequity More than 50 representatives from across the campus have been appointed by President Ángel Cabrera to the newly formed Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council which will identify issues of campus racial and gender disparity, bias, and inequity to be addressed in order to deliver upon the Institute’s vision of diversity and inclusion. African American Male Initiative Hosts Fall Leadership Summit The African American Male Initiative at Georgia Tech hosted its Fall Leadership Summit on Oct. 22, featuring a host of discussions led by campus and community leaders and engaging sessions for students. Author Sonia Nazario Guest Speaker at Third Annual Georgia Tech Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Author Sonia Nazario gave the keynote address at Georgia Tech’s third annual Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture. Georgia Tech’s Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Incorporated, Nu Beta Chapter Unveils Paintings Commemorating 40th Anniversary and Celebrating Black Women in STEM 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Focuses on Disability Awareness and Inclusion The 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium featured campus presenters discussing disability awareness and its importance to diversity, inclusion, and the campus community. The event was hosted virtually for the first time in the program's history. Steven McLaughlin Named Provost and Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs at Georgia Tech McLaughlin will assume the lead academic role effective October 1, 2020. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Seventh Consecutive Year For the seventh consecutive year, Georgia Tech has been named a HEED Award recipient — a national honor recognizing colleges and universities that demonstrate an outstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. 40th Challenge Program Hosts 75 Incoming Students The 2020 OMED Challenge program successfully hosted 75 incoming first-year student participants in the wake of Covid-19. USG Updates Sexual Misconduct Policies to Adhere to New Federal Regulations The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia (USG) approved changes to its sexual misconduct policies and procedures at its meeting Tuesday, Aug. 11, in accordance with new federal Title IX regulations that go into effect August 14. Remembering John Lewis As part of its ongoing commitment to embrace diversity in all its forms while supporting the research and learning functions of the Institute, the Georgia Tech Library invites students, faculty and staff to explore a curated collection of materials celebrating the life of Civil Rights icon John Lewis. From Talk to Action “Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action” drew more than 1,000 unique viewers during 90 minutes of candid, passionate reflections on Black experiences at Tech. New Process Allows Georgia Students to Receive Earlier Admission Decision President Cabrera, Other Campus Leaders to Discuss Race Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) will host a virtual panel discussion entitled “Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action,” on Thursday, July 16. Can We Talk About Race — and Racism? Yes. Conversations about race emerge from the shadows. An Update from Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) is leading Tech’s effort in collaboration with units across the campus. Commitment to Drive Change Archie Ervin shares his thoughts on the recent deaths of George Floyd, Breonna Taylor, and Ahmaud Arbury and racial injustice in ‘Commitment to Drive Change.' Board of Regents Approves Georgia Tech’s New Mission Statement The University System of Georgia Board of Regents (BOR) has approved Georgia Tech’s updated mission statement. Georgia Tech's National Society of Black Engineers Chapter Wins Chapter of the Year Award This is the third consecutive year the Tech chapter has been the recipient of the award on the regional level and the first time in over a decade it has received the honor on the national level. Jackson-Truitt Named Inaugural Director of Diversity and Inclusion Education Training Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion has named Tia Jackson-Truitt as its inaugural director of Diversity and Inclusion Education and Training. Building Resilience During Challenging Times Georgia Tech ERG offers virtual workshops and courses for the campus community. Student Emergency Funding Now Available The Division of Student Life, the Alumni Association, and the Office of Development are partnering to collect and distribute emergency funding through the Georgia Tech Parents Fund and Roll Call to support students in need. Updates on Spring 2020 Grading and GPA Policies Celebrating Black History Month: The Importance of Representation with Crystal Bell When it comes to Black History Month, Crystal Bell is grateful for an opportunity to highlight the academic, cultural, and historical achievements of African American figures. Celebrating Black History Month: Letting Diversity Shine with Alonzo Whyte Alonzo Whyte is just in his first year as a faculty member of the Neuroscience program at Georgia Tech, but his positive outlook and appreciation for diversity is already shining brightly. Strategic Plan Draft Available for Review, Application Period Open for Phase Two Working Groups Thousands of people focused on the future of Georgia Tech by helping us complete phase one — visioning and drafting — of Georgia Tech’s strategic planning process. Now, the process moves into the goal-setting phase that will include an opportunity for review and input from the Georgia Tech community. OMED, AAMI Host Third Annual Academic Empowerment Fair at Georgia Tech OMED: Educational Services and the African-American Male Initiative (AAMI) at Georgia Tech hosted its 2020 Academic Empowerment Fair on February 13, with support by almost a dozen Institutional departments, 20 campus organizations, 30 advisor and alumni volunteers, and corporate sponsors. Andrew Gillum Champions Voting Rights at 2020 Black History Month Lecture Former Tallahassee mayor and 2018 Democratic Florida gubernatorial nominee Andrew Gillum said that the strongest tribute to black American history may be the ballot itself. Mary Frank Fox Elected AAAS Section Chair Mary Frank Fox, ADVANCE Professor in the School of Public Policy, has been elected Chair of the Social, Economic and Political Sciences Section of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Georgia Tech Focus Program Hosts Students and Postdocs From Over 90 Colleges and Universities The 2020 Focus Program welcomed over 200 participants from more than 90 institutions across the country. Remembering Georgia Tech Trailblazer Ford C. Greene Pioneer who was one of the first black students at Georgia Tech died Jan. 25. Journalist Yamiche Alcindor Delivers 2020 MLK Lecture Keynote Address Journalist Yamiche Alcindor gave the keynote address at the campus' 2020 MLK Lecture on January 15. OMED Welcomes New Assistant Director of Outreach Initiatives OMED: Educational Services welcomes Jelani T. Liddell as its assistant director of Outreach Initiatives. Women's and LGBTQIA Resource Centers Host Events Throughout Fall There will be frequent dialogues open to members of both communities throughout the semester. Former US Treasurer Rosario Marin Gives Inspiring Keynote Speech at Second Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Rosario Marin, author, advocate, and 41st treasurer of the United States, delivered the keynote address at the Office of Hispanic Initiative’s second annual Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Sixth Consecutive Year Georgia Tech has received the 2019 Higher Education Excellence in Diversity (HEED) Award from INSIGHT Into Diversity magazine. This is the sixth consecutive year the Institute has been a recipient of the award. Diversity Symposium Celebrates Trailblazers A standing-room only crowd gathered at the Global Learning Centr for the 11th Annual Diversity Symposium. Trailblazers: The Struggle and the Promise The story behind the making of bronze sculptures of Georgia Tech's first African American students and first African American graduate. Sybrina Atwaters Named Director of OMED: Educational Services The three-time Georgia Tech graduate brings more than a decade of STEM diversity research experience to her new role. OMED: Educational Services Welcomes Largest Challenge Program Cohort in 39 Years to Campus The 2019 Challenge program hosted 140 incoming first-year Georgia Tech students this summer, representing the largest -- and most diverse -- cohort in the program’s 39-year history. Registration Now Open for 11th Annual Diversity Symposium The first African American students and graduate will be recognized at the Diversity Symposium on September 4, 2019. Institute Diversity and Office of Academic Effectiveness Release 2018 Student Climate Assessment Survey Report In 2018, all undergraduate and graduate students at Georgia Tech were invited to participate in the Climate Assessment Survey to gauge the Institute’s progress on building an inclusive campus community. Annual Tower Awards Celebrates 25th Year The 2019 Tower Awards were presented Thursday, April 4. Hosted by OMED: Educational Services, the event marked the 25th year the ceremony has celebrated the academic achievements of traditionally underrepresented students at Georgia Tech. Institute Diversity and Academic Effectiveness Release Report from the Faculty and Staff Climate Assessment Surveys Georgia Tech Receives the INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Fifth Consecutive Year Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens to Select Third Cohort OMED’s Challenge Program Welcomed 110 Incoming First-Year Students to Georgia Tech This Summer Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Starts Bridging Equity and Sustainability: Living Building Equity Champions Finding Community Two graduates talk about their time at Tech and the family they found on campus More Than 40 Community Members Honored at Sixth Annual Lavender Graduation and Fourth Annual Lavender Awards Celebration Includes New Recognition for Level Up Program Graduates, Occurs on Same Day as the LGBTQIA Resource Center’s Gift to Tech Award Ceremony Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens More Than 1,400 Students Academically Eligible to Receive a 2018 Tower Award Black History Month Lecture Keynote Speaker Angela Rye Discusses the Impact of #MeToo and the Need for ‘Working Woke’ Campus Community Members Encouraged to Share Their Stories Through the Transformative Narratives Initiative MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Joy-Ann Reid Shares Insights on the Past, Present, and Future of Nonviolent Political Protest Nearly 200 Students and Postdocs Attend the Focus Program EthicsPoint Reporting Now Includes Student Categories Anyone with a concern such as unsafe working conditions, academic misconduct, or abuse are encouraged to access the EthicsPoint system. First Cohort of Faculty, Staff, and Students Complete Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Four Years Later: Measuring Progress on Campus Inclusivity The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships and Fellowships Support Record Number of Students This Academic Year Diversity Is Only the Beginning Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens Ninth Annual Diversity Symposium Focuses on Building Inclusive Communities, Explores the Impact and Implications of Race and Class INSIGHT Into Diversity Honors Georgia Tech with the HEED Award for Four Consecutive Years Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives OMED’s Challenge Program Welcomes One of Its Largest Cohorts to Georgia Tech This Summer Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Opens LGBTQIA Resource Center Presents Fifth Annual Lavender Graduation and Third Annual Lavender Awards Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens Nearly 300 Students Honored at the 23rd Annual Tower Awards Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Launches to Crowdsource Ideas That Improve Campus Inclusivity Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Students Develop Stempower to Mentor Fourth- and Fifth-Grade Girls in STEM Black History Month Lecturer Janet Mock Explores the Rewards, Challenges, and Implications of Being Black and Trans Lavender Awards Nomination Period Open Focus Program Increases Interest of More Than 94 Percent of Participants to Apply to Georgia Tech for Graduate Studies 100 Students, Faculty, and Staff Tour Civil Rights Sites in the Nation’s Capital During MLK Weekend MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Discusses the Agenda for the Next Civil Rights Movement Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month: Panelists Discuss the Past, Present, and Future of U.S. and Cuba Relations Georgia Tech Moves Forward with 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force to Ensure a Welcoming, Inclusive Campus Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Launches to Serve More Underrepresented Students This month, the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion launches to provide more programs and pathways to success for underrepresented students on campus. New Class Continues Trend of Prestige, Diversity A record number of students applied for acceptance to Georgia Tech this year, with applications exceeding 30,500 for the first time. Of those who were accepted, around 2,860 will make up the new class. Task Force Reviews Report on Black Student Experience at Tech, Prioritizes Recommendations for Campus Inclusivity The process developed to assess the black student experience at Georgia Tech is about to enter its next phase. The Task Force is expected to prioritize its recommendations and present them to President Peterson next month. More Than 1,200 Students Academically Eligible for Recognition at the 22nd Annual Tower Awards Alumni Entrepreneurship Initiative Offering Student Scholarship Young entrepreneurs at Georgia Tech have a new opportunity to get resources for their ideas through an alumni-launched venture called The Black Burdell. Black History Month Lecture Covers the Criminal Justice System, #BlackLivesMatter, and College Student Activism Georgia Tech’s Focus Program Grows by More Than 20 Percent in Female and Ph.D. Candidate Participants from Previous Year MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Challenges Community to Seek Authenticity and the Courage to Lead Georgia Tech Students Launch Different Games Collective to Foster Diversity and Inclusivity in Gaming Community Task Force Moves Forward in Examining Issues of Campus Inclusivity The committee charged by President Peterson will be supporting focus group sessions and individual interviews with Georgia Tech students faculty and staff, and members of the task force in order to assess and better understand the climate and environment here at Georgia Tech. Students Invite Faculty, Staff to Sign Inclusivity Pledge Last month, the Student Government Association (SGA)’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee began seeking signees for its Campus Inclusivity Pledge, asking all students, staff, and faculty to underscore their commitment to a positive campus culture. More Than 100 Students Participate in Mini World Cup During Hispanic Heritage Month Georgia Tech Task Force to Review African-American Student Experience A task force comprised of students, faculty, and staff is examining issues related to the African-American student experience at Georgia Tech to ensure the campus is welcoming, inclusive, and supportive. Diversity Symposium Focuses on America’s State of Change Intel, Georgia Tech Partner to Diversify Workforce The Intel Diversity Scholars Program at Georgia Tech will recruit and retain underrepresented minority students to STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) majors and prepare them for graduate school. The effort is anticipated to benefit about 1,000 students over five years through mentoring, scholarships and professional development workshops. Office of Hispanic Initiatives (OHI) Provides programs and pathways to success for the Hispanic/Latino community, primarily current and prospective students and their families, faculty, and staff. Learn more OMED: Educational Services Provides programs and pathways to success for traditionally underrepresented students: African-American, Hispanic/Latino, Native American, and Multiracial. Learn more Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) Develops initiatives and collaborations that promote women faculty and staff interaction around research and practices in STEM. Learn more Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login