Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter November 18th, 2022 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER November 18th, 2022 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current Happy Holidays from CSDI On behalf of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion we would like to send good wishes to you, and your family for a safe, happy, Thanksgiving! OMED: Educational Services OMED & AAMI are excited to invite the GT Community to come share, discuss, and learn intentional strategies and resources that support black male excellence at Georgia Tech and beyond at the 2022 GO! Leadership Summit sponsored by Amazon. Participants of the 2022 GO! Leadership Summit will hear from industry and campus experts as they reflect on their passion, struggles, and accomplishments from their time as a student to their current professional roles during our keynote and Summit sessions. 2022 Summit topics include Social Emotional Well-being, Marketing Yourself for Industry or Academia, Healthy Relationships, and Planning for Generational Wealth. We look forward to seeing you on SAT NOV 19, 2022! There will be RAFFLE PRIZES and GIVEAWAYS all day with FREE BREAKFAST & LUNCH provided! SEE YOU THERE! PLEASE SHARE & BRING A COUPLE FRIENDS! Register Introducing OMED Career Pathway Champion - Mikayla Alves Welcome, Aisha Alvarez IDEI and CSDI would like to welcome Aisha Alvarez to the OMED: Educational Services team as the new Program and Operations Manager. Aisha brings a wealth of experience with over 15 years of working in the higher education and non-profit sectors. She will also be leading the social media campaign for OMED. Welcome to the team Aisha! The 2023-24 Women, Science, and Technology Learning Community application is now open at this link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eajy4fCiymXtOsu We will review applications on a rolling basis and notify students of acceptances to the WST Learning Community within a week of their applications. We will assign rooms in late January and send out room numbers in early February. Each WST Learning Community applicant should also complete the Housing application, which should open in early spring 2023. If you have questions, please email Dr. Carol Colatrella (carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu). Apply Office of International Education Ced in the City Scholarship Application Deadline: Nov. 24 at 12pm ET (for spring 2023 study abroad) The CedintheCity Scholars program was created to put feet to CedintheCity’s vision to change the face of travel by encouraging African American students to study abroad and supporting their quests to do so. We hope that this program will alleviate some of the financial burden and be a catalyst for African Americans to expand their horizons and deepen their connectivity to other cultures through global travel. Application Criteria African American Active college student Registered to study abroad in 2023 P&G - Seeking Intern and Full-Time Candidates P&G is seeking candidates interested in internship and full-time opportunities. If you have an interest in working at P&G please check out the available opportunities via the QR codes listed above. All engineering and IT majors are encouraged to apply! If you have an interest in a particular position or have specific questions please reach out to rob.rogers@gatech.edu and he will be happy to put you in contact with a P&G recruiter. Biolocity is accepting applications into their internship program. Biolocity is a philanthropic, multi-institutional program supporting and accelerating the commercialization of early-stage medical technologies with intellectual property held at Emory and/or Georgia Institute of Technology. Their internship program is designed to provide relevant experience and developing aspiring health technology professionals' ability to assess market potential for early-state technologies. Apply Paid Virtual Reality (VR) Research Study -- School of City and Regional Planning (SCaRP) CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2022 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.