Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter November 3rd, 2022 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER November 3rd, 2022 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current OMED: Educational Services Dream Big, Be Bold, Act Accordingly: Meet with Jacob Tzegaegbe (GT Alum) as he discusses his academic and professional journey and how he has uses the concept of seasons to help him make decisions in life! To learn more about Jacob, please visit his LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/tzegaegbe/ Transfer and Achieve Atlanta Student Bowling Night: Unwind, relax, and enjoy dinner while you show off your bowling skills with other students at the John Lewis Student Center! Please register using the QR code on the the flyer. Industry Marketplace: Meet with corporate representatives to discuss opportunities (intern, coop, full-time) and discuss other career exploration related questions that you have in this networking event. The Industry Marketplace is part of the Resolve to Solve Series, hosted by OMED: Educational Services and GlobalMindED. To register, please use the following link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_4HN2HpoDBprcrAy OMED & AAMI are excited to invite the GT Community to come share, discuss, and learn intentional strategies and resources that support black male excellence at Georgia Tech and beyond at the 2022 GO! Leadership Summit sponsored by Amazon. Participants of the 2022 GO! Leadership Summit will hear from industry and campus experts as they reflect on their passion, struggles, and accomplishments from their time as a student to their current professional roles during our keynote and Summit sessions. 2022 Summit topics include Social Emotional Well-being, Marketing Yourself for Industry or Academia, Healthy Relationships, and Planning for Generational Wealth. We look forward to seeing you on SAT NOV 19, 2022! There will be RAFFLE PRIZES and GIVEAWAYS all day with FREE BREAKFAST & LUNCH provided! SEE YOU THERE! PLEASE SHARE & BRING A COUPLE FRIENDS! Register AAMI Golf and Networking Event Networking and golf, are two great things that go great together! Students in the Georgia Tech African American Male Initiative learned this during the 1st Annual Golf and Networking Event sponsored by Capital One which was held at Bobby Jones Golf Course on 10.27.2022. The event was conceived by Assistant Director Outreach Initiatives at OMED: Educational Services, Jelani Liddell, M.S. Ed. This year’s sponsor, Capital One conducted a presentation on networking and connected the ways people network on and off the golf course and how the golf course is a great venue to network. Later, students were provided lessons from PGA professionals and afterward had a chance to test the skills they developed in a round of golf on the Bobby Jones Executive Course. During lunch students, GT staff, and alumni continued to discuss golf, academics, and networking and how they were all connected! A Big Shout out and Thank You goes out to Hayden Prelaz, Sahara Marte, and Mallory Rodgers for sponsoring and participating in this year’s event! Capital One has been nothing but amazing with its engagement with the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion this year! To learn more about Capital One: https://www.capitalonecareers.com/students Another Big Thank You goes out to the PGA pros and team at Bobby Jones Golf Course. They provided lessons and information to players who made up various levels of experience with the game in a way that everyone walked about with some newfound knowledge to help their golf game! To the GT staff, students, and alumni, Thank You for your interest and for your participation in this year's event! Introducing OMED Career Pathway Champion - Mikayla Alves Register Register The 2023-24 Women, Science, and Technology Learning Community application is now open at this link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eajy4fCiymXtOsu We will review applications on a rolling basis and notify students of acceptances to the WST Learning Community within a week of their applications. We will assign rooms in late January and send out room numbers in early February. Each WST Learning Community applicant should also complete the Housing application, which should open in early spring 2023. If you have questions, please email Dr. Carol Colatrella (carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu). Apply Office of International Education Boren Information Session (Date & Location Change!) Nov. 8 at 11am via Zoom (https://gatech.zoom.us/j/93899846070) This information session will give a general overview of the Boren Awards and how to get started. The Boren Scholarships provide up to $25,000 for undergraduate students to study in countries and languages that are generally underrepresented in study abroad. The Boren Fellowships provide graduate students up to $25,000 to add an important international and language component to their graduate studies. International Education Week 2021 November 14-18, 2021 November 14th through 18th is International Education Week (IEW) across the nation and Georgia Tech will be hosting a variety of events throughout the week to celebrate the benefits of our diverse global campus and international exchange. Come join us for a number of events sponsored by departments and groups all across campus. Pre-Graduate & Pre-Professional Advising P&G - Seeking Intern and Full-Time Candidates P&G is seeking candidates interested in internship and full-time opportunities. If you have an interest in working at P&G please check out the available opportunities via the QR codes listed above. Representatives will be available at the Resolve to Solve Series Industry Marketplace on November 4th, 2022 to answer questions about the opportunities, the culture at P&G, and about the logic test that all candidates must take in order to be considered. All engineering and IT majors are encouraged to apply! To register for the Industry Marketplace, please use the following link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_4HN2HpoDBprcrAy If you have an interest in a particular position or have specific questions please reach out to rob.rogers@gatech.edu and he will be happy to put you in contact with a P&G recruiter. CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2022 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.