Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement ERGs Overview Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement offers seven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) to support Georgia Tech’s efforts to build community and ensure that employees experience a greater sense of belonging. These voluntary employee associations, organized around common dimensions of diversity, have been designed to offer forums where like-minded employees can enhance their employment experience. Primary Responsibilities Recruiting and Retaining Top Talent – Supports recruitment efforts to attract diverse candidates and implements work-life support activities to retain them. Engaging the Workforce – Fosters camaraderie and community building, and creates spaces where employees’ voices are welcome. Developing Talent – Offers leadership, career development, mentoring, and networking opportunities. Employee Benefits Originally founded in the Office of Human Resources, each ERG: Fosters a greater sense of belonging for its members. Encourages the exchange of ideas on matters of interest to its members and allies. Presents a collective voice to the administration and the broader Institute on matters of interest to its members and allies. Supports the recruitment, retention, and professional development of its target group(s). Celebrates the professional, social, and cultural contributions of its members. Creates opportunities for its members and allies to connect personally and professionally. Join an Employee Resource Group Learn more about the seven Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) offered at Georgia Tech. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Learn More ERGs Core Leadership Teams Learn more about the core leadership teams of the ERGs. Learn More ERGs Offered Learn more about the seven ERGs offered at Georgia Tech. Learn More Sign up for an ERG All faculty and staff members are invited to be part of any ERG. Sign up for one or more and join the community! Sign Up Experience the Photographic Portraits Captured by professional photographer Adam Mastoon, the Transformative Narratives’ 24 artistically embellished photographic portraits showcases the rich tapestry of our diverse faculty, staff, and student population. View Photographic Portraits Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login