Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Parent and Family Programs Main navigation Home About About Us From the Director Parent Assistant Leaders Sponsorship Staff Family Weekend Family Weekend Schedule Registration T-Shirt Hotel Information Parking & Transportation Sibs Day Sibs Day Registration Photo Album Grandparents Day Grandparents Day Photo Gallery Get Involved Ambassadors Parents Association Parents Giving Volunteer Resources Events FAQs GT H.U.B. Link Directory Sibling Syllabus Supporting Your Student Tech Tales Coloring Book VIP Discount Program Stay Connected Ambassadors & Advisory Board ParentNews Stay Connected Virtual Workshops GT: Utility Links Contact Us Make a Gift Open Search Search Search Home We are so pleased that your student has chosen to attend the Georgia Institute of Technology. Now that you have a student at GT, you are a member of the Yellow Jacket family, too! Georgia Tech provides an outstanding educational experience both inside and outside the classroom, and with your help your student will succeed. Parent and Family Programs is here to support you as you support your students throughout their Georgia Tech experience. While navigating our website you'll find valuable resources that will assist you along the way, and events that will allow you to connect with the Institute and your student. We always welcome your suggestions and comments. Please do not hesitate to contact us when needed. What’s Buzzin’ at Georgia Tech?: Webinar Series Watch our latest edition of our webinar series hosted by Stephanie Ray, Associate Dean of Students and Director of Student Diversity Programs. You will learn about different strategies and tips to help your student develop resiliency, self-advocacy and how to identify the resources in place to help them be successful. Watch All Episodes Calendar/Handbook Our most up to date version of the Parent & Family Calendar/Handbook for 2022-2023 is available to download and print. It is also available for purchase. This GT spirited wall calendar highlights information, shares campus resources, provides important dates, discusses common student experiences, contains great tips for families and offers helpful resources for you and your student. If you are new family, you will receive a copy if you attend an in-person FASET Parent Orientation session as your guest registration fee covers the cost - one copy per family. Parents who are not attending in-person, can purchase a calendar to be mailed to them. Purchase Now Download Calendar Postcard Take a moment to write some kind words to your student reminding them how special they are and how much you love them. You may personalize online our postcard. Once you have completed it you will be able to download it and send it as a PDF attachment to your student. Fill and Download Postcard To view or print PDF files, Adobe Acrobat Reader must be installed on your computer. You may download Adobe Acrobat Reader free of charge from the Adobe web site. To return to this page, use the back button on your browser. Download Acrobat Reader COVID-19 The Office of Parent and Family Programs is committed to providing guidance and resources for parents and families during this time as it relates COVID-19. Please email parents@gatech.edu with any questions or concerns. For those who are looking for ways to support your student during this time. You'll find the latest data, guidelines, and Institute updates at the COVID-19 Information and Resources webpage. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN