Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Living Building Equity Champions About the Living Building Equity Champions The Living Building Equity Champions (LBECs) are students charged with fully engaging in the development and realization of the Equity Petal of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design at Georgia Tech. Aligning with The Kendeda Building Equity Work Group Recommendation No. 1 ("Engage Underrepresented Groups on Campus In Building Design"), the LBECs work closely with the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue promoting the Institute’s diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. LBEC Responsibilities Provide input and feedback to the design and development of The Kendeda Building. Engage current students in The Kendeda Building’s equity, sustainability, and diversity efforts. Connect access to The Kendeda Building with the greater Atlanta community, particularly K-12 students. The LBECs are supported by The Kendeda Building at Georgia Tech Academic and Research Council and the Center for Serve-Learn-Sustain. About the Living Building at Georgia Tech Georgia Tech has received a commitment for $30 million from The Kendeda Fund to build what is expected to become the most environmentally advanced education and research building ever constructed in the Southeast. The investment represents The Kendeda Fund’s largest single grant and ranks among the largest capital gifts ever received by Georgia Tech. Click here to learn more. Equity Petal The Kendeda Building Challenge focuses on seven performance areas: Place – Restoring a healthy interrelationship with nature. Water – Creating developments that operate within the water balance of a given place and climate. Energy – Relying only on current solar income. Health and Happiness – Creating environments that optimize physical and psychological health and well-being. Materials – Endorsing products that are safe for all species through time. Equity – Supporting a just and equitable world. Beauty – Celebrating design that uplifts the human spirit. Institute Diversity has actively participated in The Kendeda Building at Georgia Tech Equity Work Group, providing strategic feedback and insight on design plans and processes and program development. “As equity practitioners, we are often faced with the challenges of bringing more voices to the table as it relates to sustainability. It is exciting for us to be able to bring a group of passionate and diverse students to the table to inform The Kendeda Building project.” –Keona Lewis, program review and research manager, Institute Diversity “The Kendeda Building presents a unique opportunity to connect the campus and broader Atlanta community with equity-centered sustainability programs and initiatives. Our goal is to drive this conversation and move towards action steps, starting with the Living Building Equity Champions.” –Atira Rochester, corporate relations manager, Institute Diversity Institute News Bridging Equity and Sustainability: Living Building Equity Champions (June 5, 2018) Meet the LBECs The LBECs are students charged with fully engaging in the development and realization of the Equity Petal of The Kendeda Building for Innovative Sustainable Design at Georgia Tech. Meet the LBECs Apply to be a LBEC Apply today to be a LBEC! The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is seeking up to 10 qualified students to be LBECs for a year-long paid position. Applications are due by 5 p.m. on August 31, 2018. Apply Today Read the LBECs' Blog Read blog posts from the LBECs about their experiences in engaging with the development and realization of the Equity Petal of The Kendeda Building. Read the Blog Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login