Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Overview History Launching Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement Developed under the vision of the vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, the Culture, Diversity, and Inclusion team from the Office of Human Resources joined Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion in June 2015 to form the core of the Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement team. This unit was organized to: Lead and implement inclusion and engagement strategy. Strengthen organizational leadership excellence. Facilitate collaboration and enhance institutional capacity for change management. Primary Responsibilities Georgia Tech reached an inflection point in its ability to influence practices and model breakthroughs for organizational development and performance in achieving its goal for inclusive excellence. This was the impetus for repositioning and aligning our Culture, Diversity, and Inclusion team who is uniquely qualified to: Lead the implementation of innovative, bold, and promising diversity and inclusion practices. Seamlessly align diversity and inclusion practices with other organizational talent practices. Create collaborative networks across higher education, government, non-profits, and industry. Positively impact leadership engagement and climate issues. The Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement team actively develops intercultural competence, leadership coaching savvy, and service of Georgia Tech to become a model community of inclusive excellence. Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement Executive Director Pearl Alexander and RESILIENCE ERG Leaders Cheryl Cofield and Sonia M. Alvarez-Robinson greet employees at the launch of the RESILIENCE ERG at Georgia Tech. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login