Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Overview Meet the Cultural Strategist “My hope emerges from those places of struggle where I witness individuals positively transforming their lives and the world around them. Educating is a vocation rooted in hopefulness. As teachers, we believe that learning is possible, that nothing can keep an open mind from seeking after knowledge and finding a way to know.” —Bell Hooks, American author, feminist, and social activist Pearl Alexander, JD, PCC, ACC, serves as executive director of diversity, inclusion, and engagement at the Georgia Institute of Technology. She is a visionary leader who has navigated a progressive 29-year career catalyzing transformations in culture and organizational leadership practices. Currently, Alexander leads learning curricular innovations, professional development, and engagement experiences designed to build and nurture global leadership capacity and model inclusive excellence. She is a certified professional coach and facilitator integrating her expertise in diversity and inclusion principles within her coaching, practices, and coaching consultancy services. Alexander’s career assignments have spanned from peace builder to strategist and spokesperson. Her presence, influence, and leadership have contributed to Georgia Tech‘s recognition as a thought leader for implementing award-winning practices of diversity and inclusion guided strategic initiatives in higher education. As an executive coach with expertise in reflective and transformative methods, Alexander has coached leaders through personal discovery, self-mastery, uncovering talent, and shifting mindsets during times of change and transitions. A featured and frequently sought speaker, moderator, and onsite coach at leadership institutes, retreats, and conferences, her audiences have spanned higher education, government, corporate, and international professionals. Alexander’s notable commentary has been shared in various media including The Wall Street Journal, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Chronicle of Higher Education, Profiles in Diversity Journal, Academic Leader, Womenetics, The Jabian Journal, Diversity Woman, and National Public Radio. Her speaking engagements include The Inaugural Institute for Federal Leadership in Diversity and Inclusion – Washington, D.C., local chapters of the International Coaches Federation and Association of Talent Development, and nationally for The College and University-HR Association, Linkage, and The Conference Board on topics related to Leadership and Organizational Development. Alexander selectively participates in international and national think tanks on the future of work and leadership practices. She chairs and serves on professional development committees, designs and facilitates Executive Leadership and Life Coaching Intensives and Retreats® for organizations, leadership teams, groups and individuals. Her signature coaching topics include “Daring Acts: Creating A Culture of Enough™” (based on the research of Brené Brown) and “Noticing Self: Developing Emotional Intelligence Skills for Professionals and Leaders™.” Alexander delights in excavating stories, curating and coaching transformative narratives, mentoring fellow introverted leaders of all ages, and practicing improvisation. She shares her gifts to inspire others to access their personal power and step into “wholeness.” Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login