Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview Mission and Vision Welcome from the Executive Director Corporate Partnerships Meet the Team Future Students Admissions Financial Aid K-12 Initiatives Challenge Focus Impact Learning Community The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships The Goizueta Foundation Fellowships Current Students Academic Support Edge Faculty/Undergraduate Student Research Program GT-PRIME Latino Welcome Celebration Student Organizations WST Learning Community Alumni GTBAO GTHAN GTWAN Units and Initiatives OHI OMED WST Impact Learning Community Living Building Equity Champions Facts and Figures News Alumni Spotlights Institute News In the Media Newsletter Student Spotlights Events IMPACT OHI OMED WST Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home New Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Provides Roadmap to a More Inclusive Georgia Tech Apr 4, 2022 | Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech recently launched its first Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion that outlines the steps the Institute will take to position itself as a leader in inclusive excellence. It will serve as a framework that guides Institute, college, and unit leadership in the work needed to become a more equitable and inclusive campus community for all students, faculty, and staff. The plan is the culmination of a two-year effort carried out by the Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council. Comprised of executive and senior leaders, the council is charged with monitoring the progress of diversity, equity, and inclusion on campus and is co-chaired by Archie W. Ervin, vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, and Pearl Alexander, executive director of Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement. Through a collaborative effort, the council developed a plan that outlines five areas of impact, three goals, and 22 strategies that Georgia Tech will use to create a more inclusive campus community. “Forty percent of the 2030 Institute strategic plan outcomes center on diversity, equity, and inclusion,” Ervin said. “With such an emphasis on DEI efforts, creating a roadmap to guide our efforts is instrumental for success, and our success depends on the support and engagement of the entire Georgia Tech community.” The DEI plan identifies 22 strategic actions, categorized into three areas of impact: Creating a more equitable and inclusive community. Recruiting, retaining, and developing a diverse community of students, faculty, and staff. Supporting innovative and inclusive scholarship and teaching. As part of the planning process, the council was able to revisit the definitions of diversity, equity, and inclusion previously held by the Institute, and updated them to reflect current understandings. The council also created new definitions for Georgia Tech’s principles of community, highlighting a commitment to inclusive teaching, leadership, scholarship and research, innovation, and entrepreneurship. “We are excited and grateful to share this plan, where each and every one of us has a role in making Georgia Tech a place where everyone can thrive, no matter who you are or where you come from,” Alexander said. “Ubuntu, a term that comes to mind as we unveil this plan, reminds us all that our actions affect each other and society. We’ll be better and go farther together as we write this next chapter of who we will be.” "We look forward to engaging the communities at Georgia Tech in the coming months to have courageous conversations that will help define the role we all play in making Tech a more inclusive and welcoming community for all," Ervin said. To view the plan in full, visit diversity.gatech.edu/deiplan. Related Media Click on image(s) to view larger version(s) DEI PLAN For More Information Contact Tammy Parrett Communications Manager Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion tammy.parrett@gatech.edu Related Links A Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion at Georgia Tech Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login