Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News Institute News 2022 Diversity Champion Awards Seeking Nominations Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion is now accepting nominations for the 2022 Diversity Champion Awards, honoring one student, staff and faculty member, and one unit who have worked to advance a culture of inclusion and belonging at Georgia Tech. Office of Hispanic Initiatives Celebrates 2021 Hispanic Heritage Month Georgia Tech's Office of Hispanic Initiatives will sponsor and co-sponsor a host of virtual and in-person events open to faculty, staff, and students in celebration of 2021 Hispanic Heritage Month. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Welcomes Diley Hernández as Associate Vice President Following a national search, Diley Hernández was selected as associate vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion. She began her new role on July 6. George Floyd – One Year Later One year after the death of George Floyd, Archie Ervin, vice president for Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, shares a reflection and hope for the Georgia Tech community. Impact Living Learning Community Naomi Davis: Behind the Mask A photo of second-year student Naomi Davis in a Georgia Tech protective face mask has gone viral around campus. Al Vivian Leads Race at Georgia Tech Conversation Al Vivian, son of civil rights leader C.T. Vivian, was the keynote speaker for the Race at Georgia Tech: A Call to Action conversation on Thursday, Jan. 21. Georgia Tech Focus Program Hosted Virtually For First Time In 29-Year History The 2021 Focus Program was hosted virtually for the first time in its 29-year history. This year’s program brought together over 300 registered participants in a multidimensional interactive virtual platform. Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council Formed to Further Address Campus Disparity, Bias, and Inequity More than 50 representatives from across the campus have been appointed by President Ángel Cabrera to the newly formed Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council which will identify issues of campus racial and gender disparity, bias, and inequity to be addressed in order to deliver upon the Institute’s vision of diversity and inclusion. In Conversation: ISyE Undergraduate Jathan Caldwell Jathan shares how his Ecuadorian family shaped his personal values, what it’s like to be a Hispanic STEM student at Georgia Tech, and the impact of GT-SHPE on his college experience. Author Sonia Nazario Guest Speaker at Third Annual Georgia Tech Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Author Sonia Nazario gave the keynote address at Georgia Tech’s third annual Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture. NSF Grant Awarded to Advance Recruitment of Underrepresented Minorities in STEM Ph.D. Pipeline College of Engineering and College of Sciences leverage grant to drive diversity across all graduate programs. The project is known as Alliances for Graduate Education and the Professoriate (AGEP) Research Universities Alliance Model: Advancing Minority Math, Physical Science, Environmental Science, and Engineering PhD Candidates and Postdoctoral Scholars to Faculty. 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium Focuses on Disability Awareness and Inclusion The 2020 Georgia Tech Diversity Symposium featured campus presenters discussing disability awareness and its importance to diversity, inclusion, and the campus community. The event was hosted virtually for the first time in the program's history. Steven McLaughlin Named Provost and Executive Vice President for Academic Affairs at Georgia Tech McLaughlin will assume the lead academic role effective October 1, 2020. Georgia Tech Receives INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Seventh Consecutive Year For the seventh consecutive year, Georgia Tech has been named a HEED Award recipient — a national honor recognizing colleges and universities that demonstrate an outstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. 40th Challenge Program Hosts 75 Incoming Students The 2020 OMED Challenge program successfully hosted 75 incoming first-year student participants in the wake of Covid-19. Calling all Yellow Jackets!! Be a Volunteer at GoSTEM’s Annual Latino College and STEM Fair! Are you interested in volunteering in an inspiring event for K-12 students? Do you want an opportunity to practice your science communication skills? Want to brag about your STEM field and be a role model? Do you have a knack for event logistics? Then, consider volunteering at GoSTEM’s Annual Latino College and STEM Fair! Former US Treasurer Rosario Marin Gives Inspiring Keynote Speech at Second Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture Rosario Marin, author, advocate, and 41st treasurer of the United States, delivered the keynote address at the Office of Hispanic Initiative’s second annual Hispanic Heritage Month Lecture. Institute Diversity and Academic Effectiveness Release Report from the Faculty and Staff Climate Assessment Surveys Georgia Tech Receives the INSIGHT Into Diversity HEED Award for Fifth Consecutive Year Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens to Select Third Cohort Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Starts Bridging Equity and Sustainability: Living Building Equity Champions Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens More Than 1,400 Students Academically Eligible to Receive a 2018 Tower Award Black History Month Lecture Keynote Speaker Angela Rye Discusses the Impact of #MeToo and the Need for ‘Working Woke’ Campus Community Members Encouraged to Share Their Stories Through the Transformative Narratives Initiative MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Joy-Ann Reid Shares Insights on the Past, Present, and Future of Nonviolent Political Protest Nearly 200 Students and Postdocs Attend the Focus Program EthicsPoint Reporting Now Includes Student Categories Anyone with a concern such as unsafe working conditions, academic misconduct, or abuse are encouraged to access the EthicsPoint system. First Cohort of Faculty, Staff, and Students Complete Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Four Years Later: Measuring Progress on Campus Inclusivity The Goizueta Foundation Scholarships and Fellowships Support Record Number of Students This Academic Year Diversity Is Only the Beginning Diversity and Inclusion Fellows Program Application Period Opens Ninth Annual Diversity Symposium Focuses on Building Inclusive Communities, Explores the Impact and Implications of Race and Class INSIGHT Into Diversity Honors Georgia Tech with the HEED Award for Four Consecutive Years Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives OMED’s Challenge Program Welcomes One of Its Largest Cohorts to Georgia Tech This Summer Faces of Inclusive Excellence Nomination Period Opens Diversity Champion Awards Nomination Period Opens Nearly 300 Students Honored at the 23rd Annual Tower Awards Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Recommendations from the Black Student Experience Task Force Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Black History Month Lecturer Janet Mock Explores the Rewards, Challenges, and Implications of Being Black and Trans Focus Program Increases Interest of More Than 94 Percent of Participants to Apply to Georgia Tech for Graduate Studies 100 Students, Faculty, and Staff Tour Civil Rights Sites in the Nation’s Capital During MLK Weekend MLK Lecture Keynote Speaker Discusses the Agenda for the Next Civil Rights Movement Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month: Panelists Discuss the Past, Present, and Future of U.S. and Cuba Relations Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Launches to Serve More Underrepresented Students This month, the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion launches to provide more programs and pathways to success for underrepresented students on campus. New Class Continues Trend of Prestige, Diversity A record number of students applied for acceptance to Georgia Tech this year, with applications exceeding 30,500 for the first time. Of those who were accepted, around 2,860 will make up the new class. More Than 1,200 Students Academically Eligible for Recognition at the 22nd Annual Tower Awards Georgia Tech’s Focus Program Grows by More Than 20 Percent in Female and Ph.D. Candidate Participants from Previous Year Students Invite Faculty, Staff to Sign Inclusivity Pledge Last month, the Student Government Association (SGA)’s Cultural and Diversity Affairs Committee began seeking signees for its Campus Inclusivity Pledge, asking all students, staff, and faculty to underscore their commitment to a positive campus culture. More Than 100 Students Participate in Mini World Cup During Hispanic Heritage Month Diversity Symposium Focuses on America’s State of Change Meet the Director Learn more about the director of OHI, and please contact Jorge Breton for any questions about our programs and events. Learn More Student Spotlights Check out the spotlights of some of The Goizueta Foundation Scholars and Fellows. Read Spotlights Read the Brochure Learn more about our goals, programs, and events in this informative brochure. Read Brochure Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login