Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement Community Dialogues "Dialogue is the very prerequisite of authentic relationships." –Martin Buber, philosopher and professor Overview Join our courageous Community Dialogues, and be heard! Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement’s Community Dialogues create spaces, such as roundtables, reading circles, and storytelling salons, for employees to share stories and lived experiences on a given topic. During the Community Dialogue, you will become a better communicator—speaking and listening honestly and compassionately across diversity and difference. Principles of Community The Principles of Community serve as a broad and inclusive statement of expected behavior at the Community Dialogues: Respect the dignity of others. Acknowledge others and their needs. Recognize shared purpose and meaning. Create sense of belonging and safety. Cheryl Cofield, director of inclusion and engagement at Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement, facilitates a Community Dialogue on micro-messages. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login