Cookie Settings Return to Content Magazine About Us Georgia Tech Georgia Tech Alumni Calendar Login Register Alumni News Calendar Give Now Give Now Alumni News Alumni News Living History Alumni Networks Affinity Groups Regional Networks Corporate Networks Ramble the Night Career Development Career Development Find a Job / Switch Careers Grow Your Skills Start a Business Hire GT Alumni Events Events Gold & White Honors Gala The President’s Dinner: Celebrating Roll Call Georgia Tech Alumni Association Golf Tournament Homecoming Pi Mile 5K Race Ramble on the Green 40 Under 40 Class of 2022 Nominations FAQs Class of 2020 Class of 2021 Travel Travel Tour Schedule Travel Preview & Reunion Travel Insurance River Cruises Ocean Cruises Land Tours Train Tours North America Tours Europe Africa & The Middle East Asia Australia & South Pacific South America Class of 2022 Support Tech Students Roll Call Roll Call Make a Gift Leadership Giving Matching Gifts Buy Back Program Benefits Benefits Merchandise & Fan Store Alumni Perks Tech Marketplace Visiting Atlanta Partner with Us Student Programs Mentor Jackets Student Alumni Association Student Ambassadors Georgia Tech Student Foundation Find Alumni Georgia Tech Home Login Activate Your Account Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Forgiveness is Divine: Moving Past "Look to Your Left, Look to Your Right" Even as a high schooler in Johns Creek, Ga., Aanjan Sikal knew of Georgia Tech's tough reputation. The Institute was renowned as the standard for academics in the state and the region, an establishment that prided itself on holding students to the highest rigors of classroom performance. “Tech has always been known as the bar-setter,” says Sikal, now a third-year industrial engineering student at Tech. “It was the hard school that everyone was scared of.” READ MORE TELL US ON SOCIAL: What class did you fail or come close to failing? Be matched on Georgia Tech Connect when you fill out a profile with people who share interests, industries, or who are in the same community as you are. Give today to Support Roll Call and help shape the experience of our Georgia Tech students. Georgia Tech graduates are impactful leaders and trail blazers in almost every field, all over the globe. The Georgia Tech Alumni 40 Under 40 program recognizes a sampling of our innovators, trendsetters, and people to watch. Learn More. Calendar Jan 26 Ramble the Night Connect with Jackets and celebrate Tech's spirit in your community at Ramble the Night. Join old friends and make new ones as we share memories and celebrate Georgia Tech's impact across the globe for one night only. Yellow Jackets share bonds that last a lifetime, no matter where life takes you. Find out more information about location and time here. Feb 01 Boost Your LinkedIn Profile to Enhance Networking This two-part webinar series will provide you with advice on how to create, improve, and leverage your LinkedIn profile whether you are searching for a new job, looking for remote work, or expanding your network to get to the next level professionally. Feb 04 GT Men's Basketball at NC State - Triangle It’s time to cheer on GT Men's Basketball with your fellow Jackets! Georgia Tech alumni and friends are invited to attend the GT vs. NC State game on February 4th! Feb 15 Staying Relevant in a Changing Workforce Careers of the future may require you to update your current skills or learn completely new ones to remain relevant in the workforce. Feb 21 GTBAR Lunch with Judges May & Batten - Atlanta Join the Georgia Tech Bar Association for networking, lunch, and a Q&A with GT alums and federal judges May and Batten. Feb 25 GT Bowling Tournament 2023 - Dekalb Gather your friends, family or co-workers to participate in the 6th annual Buzz Bowling Tournament on February 25th, benefiting our DeKalb Student Scholarship Fund! Apr 22 Pi Mile 5k Road Race Join us for the annual Pi Mile 5k Road Race! About The Georgia Tech Alumni Association Update Profile Scholarships Partner With Us Contact Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram 190 North Ave NW Atlanta GA 30313-2220 404 894 2391 | Privacy Policy |