Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter December 15th, 2022 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER December 15th, 2022 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current Information OMED: Educational Services OMED Career Pathway Champion - Mikayla Alves Office Hours 2023 Tower Awards - Save the Date Information The 2023-24 Women, Science, and Technology Learning Community application is now open at this link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eajy4fCiymXtOsu We will review applications on a rolling basis and notify students of acceptances to the WST Learning Community within a week of their applications. We will assign rooms in late January and send out room numbers in early February. Each WST Learning Community applicant should also complete the Housing application, which should open in early spring 2023. If you have questions, please email Dr. Carol Colatrella (carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu). Apply P&G - Seeking Intern and Full-Time Candidates P&G is seeking candidates interested in internship and full-time opportunities. If you have an interest in working at P&G please check out the available opportunities via the QR codes listed above. All engineering and IT majors are encouraged to apply! If you have an interest in a particular position or have specific questions please reach out to rob.rogers@gatech.edu and he will be happy to put you in contact with a P&G recruiter. 2023 University Graduate (U.S.) - D&I Specialist, Office of Diversity and Inclusion Requisition ID: 263908 Overview Bechtel has a long tradition of technical and engineering excellence in supporting multiple industries. Our engineers use their ideas and ingenuity to create innovative, practical, and cost-effective solutions for our customers. This position is based in one of Bechtel’s offices in Houston, Texas. Projects you will be assisting with: Diversity & Inclusion - Assist with external engagement preparation, planning of global BRG meetings and professional society national and regional meetings for Bechtel - including SWE, SHPE, NSBE, AISES, Out and Equal, NACME, and Catalyst. Additionally, assist with supporting Advisory Councils, coordinate BRG efforts to foster one collaboration amongst groups and community outreach events. Additional duties include content development, strategy assessment, program delivery, as well as D&I Dashboard and data analyses. Additional Typical Activities of the D&I Team: Coordinate sponsored events with D&I Managers, customers, and corporate partners. Build strong relationships with customers, as well as like-minded corporations and organizations that help to create a positive impact to communities where we work, live, and serve. Assist in preparation of reports, tracking and metrics related to D&I activities. Plan, develop, and market diversity and inclusion-focused programs, and events internally and externally. Manage OODI calendar of internal and external diversity events. Assist in maintaining the diversity & inclusion website (BRG and OODI events calendar, Partner resources list, programs, and partnerships, etc.) Attend conferences and other meetings to stay engaged in best practices and strategy planning. Will function in a lead role for certain OODI team events to ensure successfully planned, communicated and implemented Work closely with management to identify, analyze, and prioritize D&I issues. Coordinate with Corporate Communications to identify and leverage communication opportunities that will enhance the company’s reputation, key messages, and thought processes with external audiences regarding diversity issues. Support the implementation of company D&I programs and the utilization of company communication technology tools. Basic Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Communications or relevant degree within the past 12 months or anticipate obtaining in the next 12 months from an accredited college or university. Ability to work and remain in the U.S. without visa sponsorship. Ability and willingness to relocate and/or travel to domestic and/or international offices/sites. Excellent oral, written, and presentation skills. Preferred Qualifications Knowledge and/or experience in working with digital communications, including social media, mobile, and other new media applications. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. If you have additional questions after applying, please email rob.rogers@gatech.edu to be placed in contact with a Bechtel recruiter. Shaping tomorrow together Bechtel is one of the most respected global engineering, construction, and project management companies. Together with our customers, we deliver landmark projects that foster long-term progress and economic growth. Since 1898, we’ve completed more than 25,000 extraordinary projects across 160 countries on all seven continents. We operate through four global businesses: Infrastructure; Nuclear, Security & Environmental; Oil, Gas & Chemicals; and Mining & Metals. Our company and our culture are built on more than a century of leadership and a relentless adherence to our values, the core of which are safety, quality, ethics, and integrity. These values are what we believe, what we expect, what we deliver, and what we live. Bechtel is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Apply Biolocity is accepting applications into their internship program. Biolocity is a philanthropic, multi-institutional program supporting and accelerating the commercialization of early-stage medical technologies with intellectual property held at Emory and/or Georgia Institute of Technology. Their internship program is designed to provide relevant experience and developing aspiring health technology professionals' ability to assess market potential for early-state technologies. Apply 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium Description: On behalf of the Black Graduate Student Association (BGSA) and the Latino Organization of GRAduate Students (LOGRAS), we invite you to attend the 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium: "World of Opportunities: Pathways to Excellence." This is an annual event that incorporates a networking mixer, research poster session, technical talks, speakers from academia and industry, as well as a variety of professional development workshops and panels aimed toward graduate students. Be sure to register and submit an abstract for a poster or oral presentation by the deadline, for a chance to compete and win prizes! If you are not an official member of BGSA and LOGRAS, registration will be $10. More details to come upon registration. Date: Friday, January 20th from 5:30pm - 8:00pm & Saturday, January 21st from 8:15am - 8:30pm Location: Marcus Nanotechnology Building (345 Ferst Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30318) & Exhibition Hall (460 4th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30313) Paid Virtual Reality (VR) Research Study -- School of City and Regional Planning (SCaRP) Launched in 2021, the Propel Postdoctoral Scholars Program seeks to empower outstanding scientists, prepare future faculty leaders, and create and a community of promising bioscientists from backgrounds historically underrepresented in academia who are interested in becoming faculty. Propel is a 2-year cohort-based program that provides a $80,000 annual salary with benefits and $5,000 supplemental research funds. Propel is designed to help you thrive in your postdoc and faculty career with programming that supports community-building, career development to navigate the transition to a faculty career, and professional skills like grant writing, science communication, networking, and mentoring. Eligible applicants are encouraged to contact the Propel team for guidance on preparing a successful application, including connecting with potential mentors. Apply BCG BRIGHTHOUSE IS HIRING SUMMER INTERNS! Summer 2023 creative internship applications are now open! If you're a whiz with words across a variety of genres, a conceptual thinker with a keen eye for art direction, or a designer obsessed with the look and feel behind inspiring visual solutions, our creative Purpose consultancy may be your place. We value our interns at BCG BrightHouse, and this experience often leads to full-time hire. A BCG BrightHouse Designer Intern is someone who is tasked with creating experiences through effective information hierarchy. They are communicators who use a (primarily) visual medium to execute an idea. There are many tools at their disposal, technology, vernacular cues, sensory input, graphics and motion. They share many qualities with an art director in the sense that their work must start with a concept. And they manipulate media to create a feeling, deliver information, inform and inspire. However, unlike art directors who are conceptually focused, designers are exceptionally focused on look and form. The BrightHouse internship program is a paid internship in our Atlanta office, June-August 2023. Though we are flexible in our return to office, we do expect candidates to reside in Atlanta for the duration of the internship. Candidates must be available for full-time work following a successful internship. Open Positions: ART DIRECTOR INTERN DESIGNER INTERN WRITER INTERN Apply CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2022 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.