Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home News and Events In the Media Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement In the News Coaching: The Power to Transform Diversity Woman Fall 2016 How can you cultivate a work culture in which women managers can exercise more authentic leadership to reach their fullest potential? Consider integrating the use of executive, leadership, and life coaching to nurture high-potential women into leadership and help them thrive, so you can retain them. The Power of Introversion The Jabian Journal Spring 2016 Discovering you're an introvert may not be as troubling as it once was, given all the books, articles, and fanfare over the subject recently. In our society, experts estimate that extroverts outnumber introverts three to one; some believe it is closer to 50/50. They must recognize themselves for what they are and learn to navigate in an extroverted world. Women Worth Watching: Cheryl Cofield Profiles in Diversity Journal September/October 2014 "Once I learned that my intuition is less fallible — and more trustworthy — than my intellect, I became comfortable blazing unconventional paths," said Cofield. Web of Brilliance: Georgia Tech Profiles in Diversity Journal May 19, 2014 As a science and technology-focused learning institute, Georgia Tech is renowned for its deeply held commitment to improving the human condition. Now, members of the Georgia Tech employee community are developing innovative ways to hardwire inclusive excellence into the campus’s DNA, and increase community and organizational effectiveness by sustaining a work environment where all employees feel supported, valued, respected, productive, and engaged. Beyond the Water Cooler: New Way for Introverts to Connect Psychology Today March 7, 2014 Georgia Institute of Technology is offering its employees an employee resource group (ERG) specifically for introverts. According to Tech’s website, its introvert ERG “provides a safe forum for introverts to explore their unique gifts and examine the ‘quiet’ nature of their significant contributions.” In our discussion that follows, Georgia Tech's Cheryl Cofield explains how introverts can benefit from this type of connecting, what it means for them and for the Institute. The First Person – Pearl J. Alexander Womenetics March 3, 2014 The 21st century leader has to build relationships and inspire the work of others. These leaders influence their organization’s culture and climate, and in turn, either enable or inhibit productivity and innovation. Temperament plays an important role in how leaders exert their influence and get work done. Each of us has a temperament. Stylistically, introverts and extroverts show up and work very differently. A Roadmap for ERGs The Higher Education Workplace (CUPA-HR) Fall 2013 ERGs have been commonplace in corporate America for some time, but they’ve just recently begun popping up with more frequency on college campuses. ERGs can be an important part of an institution's employee engagement and diversity and inclusion strategies, but they must be more than just social, feel-good groups. For an institution to realize the full benefits of ERGs, they must support the institution’s mission. National Conversation Study Shows Gender Diversity Improves Companies’ Quality, Equity INSIGHT Into Diversity May 2016 A new report, conducted by global financial services firm Morgan Stanley, found that companies that have a balanced workforce of men and women and offer equal pay and work-life balance programs — such as day care and maternity leave — tend to be considered “higher quality” companies and have better returns on equity. The Diversity Advantage The Atlantic February 16, 2016 New research shows that there’s one reason why companies might want to hire a lot more women, especially at the higher ranks: It’s good for the bottom line. While the study saw no increase in profitability for companies led by female CEOs, it concluded that having women on corporate boards and C-level ranks was associated with better performance. What’s Next for Employee Resource Groups? Association for Talent Development Blog January 22, 2016 ERGs have become widely used tools in the organizational quest to create diverse, inclusive environments that reflect a changing workforce and marketplace. Originally designed to create a welcoming environment for underrepresented groups, such as women, veterans, people with disabilities, and members of the LGBT community, they are often assumed to be an unquestioned positive force in organizations today. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login