Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement Workshops Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement offers the following workshops: Brown Eyes Blue Eyes: Linking Perception and Performance This workshop explores how bias and perception impact people's thoughts and behaviors, which leads to differences in treatment, resulting in differences in performance and productivity. Utilizing an updated version of the classic Jane Elliot video, Brown Eyes Blue Eyes, participants are gently encouraged to contemplate whether they may be creating exclusive work environments as well as their responsibility in eliminating "isms" in the workplace. Bullying, Incivility, and Lack of Collegiality in the Workplace and Classroom In this workshop, participants will explore the bullying, incivility, and “lack of collegiality” that falls short of legal or policy violations but, nevertheless, have a dramatically negative impact in workplace and classroom environments. Participants will be introduced to five bully prototypes and contemplate how we might reduce bullying on Georgia Tech’s campus. Micro Messages: The Power of Invisible Slights We send hundreds of little messages often without saying a word. When these messages take on negative forms (small, powerful messages that devalue, discourage, and impair performance), they are called micro-messages. In this workshop, participants explore the vast power of these nearly invisible “slights” that often take the form of subtle looks, gestures, or voice tones; become more aware of the significant impact the “little things” they intentionally or unintentionally do have on other people; begin dealing with messages in a forum where they are safely brought to the forefront; and begin to explore skills/strategies to send more constructive messages. The Skin I’m In: Colorism In this powerfully transformative "keeping it real" workshop, participants discuss "colorism" as something to emerge from rather than a phenomenon to continuously perpetrate. The knots in participants’ stomachs are loosened as they learn to reject the politics of hue and embrace the unique array of their own beauty in the face of society's distorted messaging. This workshop provides an opportunity for the following groups to momentarily pause to compassionately see themselves in one another’s struggles: Dark-skinned participants who often feel they maintain a monopoly on pain; and who often find it difficult to dismantle notions about dark skin as to fully embrace the beauty of their reflection within U.S. cultural context. Light-skinned participants who often wish they had darker skin, so they could feel more worthy of "being Black;" who often feel hurt by childhood memories of relatives who made darker skinned siblings/cousins feel de-valued; and who often feel that their pain goes unrecognized. Brown/tan/caramel-skinned participants who often feel confused, invisible, and pushed to the sidelines in conversations about colorism; and who often reflect on their own skin tone as much lighter or darker than it actually is just to be part of the conversation. Anyone open to learning more about colorism and its impacts and influences. Social Justice Training for Faculty and Staff Faculty and staff are critical in building an inclusive community on campus. This highly interactive and engaging training will expand participant's skills regarding the concept and ideals of social justice. During this training, participants will: Understand what social justice means for our campus and why Georgia Tech is committed to developing an inclusive campus environment for all faculty, staff, and students. Engage in authentic conversations about the dynamics of difference on campus. Recognize the breadth of diversity on campus and explore their own social group memberships. Discuss the common campus dynamics for members of marginalized groups and privileged groups. Deepen awareness of the types of exclusive situations that occur on campus. Explore current practices, programs, and policies that create inclusion, and begin to discuss ways to create greater social justice through our respective responsibilities. Understand the role and responsibility of all staff members to create culturally competent programs and services that support the success of all community members. Storytelling for Inclusive Excellence – Transformative Narratives Experience how stories shape us and improve our social intelligence and relational abilities. You will join an intimate circle of colleagues and story coaches in a 2-1/2-hour workshop where participants will create 4-6 minute personal narratives (stories) about their lives, leadership experiences, identities, and/or diversity journeys. Selected storytellers will be offered the opportunity to work more formally with a certified story coach to refine, record, and publish a featured story in the Institute's new digital story library. Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login