Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter January 5th, 2023 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER January 5th, 2023 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current Information OMED: Educational Services OMED Career Pathway Champion - Mikayla Alves Office Hours 2023 Tower Awards - Save the Date Information AAMI 2023 Events - Save the Dates Women, Science and Technology RSVP 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium Description: On behalf of the Black Graduate Student Association (BGSA) and the Latino Organization of GRAduate Students (LOGRAS), we invite you to attend the 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium: "World of Opportunities: Pathways to Excellence." This is an annual event that incorporates a networking mixer, research poster session, technical talks, speakers from academia and industry, as well as a variety of professional development workshops and panels aimed toward graduate students. Be sure to register and submit an abstract for a poster or oral presentation by the deadline, for a chance to compete and win prizes! If you are not an official member of BGSA and LOGRAS, registration will be $10. More details to come upon registration. Date: Friday, January 20th from 5:30pm - 8:00pm & Saturday, January 21st from 8:15am - 8:30pm Location: Marcus Nanotechnology Building (345 Ferst Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30318) & Exhibition Hall (460 4th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30313) Office of International Education Education Abroad 101: Exchange Edition Jan. 10 at 11am in Exhibition Hall: Sweet Auburn Room This Education Abroad 101 will focus on studying abroad on an Exchange. Studying abroad on exchange allows Tech students to study abroad at Partner Institutions--of which we have more than 70 across the world. Studying abroad on exchange means that students have flexibility in choosing courses to satisfy their major/elective requirements, their housing while abroad, and have many affordable semester-long options to choose from. Exchange deadlines fall early in the semester. Fall and Academic Year 2023 exchange deadlines are Feb. 1, 2023. International Opportunities Open Houses Jan. 12 from 10:30am-12pm in the Exhibition Hall: Centennial Room/TBD Join us for our Open House to discover how you can take part in an international experience while at Tech! Meet OIE advisors and learn about study abroad opportunities, Global Research and Internship Programs, the International Plan, scholarships, and more. This is a great time to ask questions about Tech's many programs in one place. We hope to see you there! Iceberg Registration Deadline Registration Deadline: January 13 The ICEBERG intercultural learning series is a 3-part program for undergraduate students at GT. This program addresses various topics, including improving communication abilities, developing intercultural skills, and navigating cultural differences. Students build community by engaging with other students at GT, developing skills to recognize cultural differences and the tools to advance their own understanding, gaining self-awareness, empathy, and adaptability, so they may navigate new challenges at GT, abroad, and in their future careers. Fall 2023 Exchange Deadline Application Deadline: February 1 via Atlas Undergraduate students looking to study abroad for academic year or fall 2023 can study abroad through Exchange. The deadline to apply AY or Fall 2023 Exchange is: Feb. 1, 2023. Exchanges are excellent ways to cost effectively study abroad, earn major and elective credit that satisfies degree requirements, and live abroad for an academic year, fall, or spring semester. Make an appointment with an Exchange Advisor if you have any questions. OIE Scholarship Deadline Feb. 15 at 11:59pm Summary: The Academic Year, Fall, and Summer 2023 OIE Scholarship Deadline is February 15. Description: The Office of International Education (OIE) administers a number of scholarships exclusively for Tech students who study abroad on a Tech program. Students apply for all OIE scholarships they are eligible for with one application. The average award is about $2,500 and this is a competitive process. There are additional scholarships available and please let us know if you have questions. Keywords: Scholarship, study abroad scholarships, Gilman, Boren, Critical Language Scholarship, Faculty Led Study Abroad, FLSA, Exchange, Education Abroad, EA 101, International, study abroad, partner universities Pre-Graduate and Pre-Professional (PGPP) Advising ASTRONAUT SCHOLARSHIP AWARD EVENT When: Thursday, January 12, 2023, 4:30 – 5:45 PM Where: Clary Theater, Bill Moore Student Success Center Free and open to the public Celebrate this year’s recipients of the Astronaut Scholarship and hear Captain Pierre Thuot, retired NASA astronaut, speak about his three space flights aboard Atlantis, Endeavour, and Columbia. Questions? Email karen.mura@gatech.edu Astronaut Scholarship Panel Presentation Learn about the application process for the Astronaut Scholarship Hear tips from last year’s scholarship recipients Campus Deadline to apply for Spring 2023 is February 1, 2023 When: Tuesday January 17, 2023, 11:00 AM – 11:45 AM Zoom: https://gatech.zoom.us/my/karenmura Questions? Email karen.mura@gatech.edu Deloitte Internship - Summer 2023/Application Deadline 1.18.2023 Deloitte Commercial Consulting is excited to have an open opportunity for Freshman Georgia Tech Students. The instructions to apply are below and are also listed on CareerBuzz. Any Georgia Tech Freshman student who meets the qualifications listed below is eligible and encouraged to apply. Position Summary Join our select group of Deloitte Discovery interns, and you'll get an inside look at what it's really like to work for a professional services organization. The Discovery Internship is open to all eligible freshman students. Because of our desire to have a diverse slate of candidates, students who identify as Black or African-American, Hispanic or Latinx, American Indian or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or two or more races are encouraged to apply. *Application Instructions* You MUST apply through the website below https://deloitteus.avature.net/su/f5cbf661378684aa Cover Letters are requested but not required Ideally a cover letter would address the following: Career Interests Organizational involvement on-campus, particularly those organizations related to DEI areas Anything else you believe would assist the selection committee in reviewing your application Applications CLOSE on January 18th. Apply Capital One/First Gen Focus - Application Deadline 1.18.2023 Apply UL Solutions - Spring 2023 Mechanical Engineering Internship UL solutions is currently looking to fill a last minute request for a Mechanical Engineering major looking for a spring 2023 internship. The internship is scheduled to take place from 1/9/2023 – 5/12/2023. The lab is located in West Atlanta. Information about UL Solutions can be found at: https://www.ul.com/ The job posting can be found here: https://mcusercontent.com/7feb38a403be6925fb055952b/files/c2bfc7ba-4194-17c6-a625-fe371c233a69/Laboratory_M.E._Intern.01.docx After reviewing the job description, if you are interested in the position please direct your resume, or questions, to Donavon Barnes @ Donavon.Barnes@ul.com. Apply BCG BRIGHTHOUSE IS HIRING SUMMER INTERNS! Summer 2023 creative internship applications are now open! If you're a whiz with words across a variety of genres, a conceptual thinker with a keen eye for art direction, or a designer obsessed with the look and feel behind inspiring visual solutions, our creative Purpose consultancy may be your place. We value our interns at BCG BrightHouse, and this experience often leads to full-time hire. A BCG BrightHouse Designer Intern is someone who is tasked with creating experiences through effective information hierarchy. They are communicators who use a (primarily) visual medium to execute an idea. There are many tools at their disposal, technology, vernacular cues, sensory input, graphics and motion. They share many qualities with an art director in the sense that their work must start with a concept. And they manipulate media to create a feeling, deliver information, inform and inspire. However, unlike art directors who are conceptually focused, designers are exceptionally focused on look and form. The BrightHouse internship program is a paid internship in our Atlanta office, June-August 2023. Though we are flexible in our return to office, we do expect candidates to reside in Atlanta for the duration of the internship. Candidates must be available for full-time work following a successful internship. Open Positions: ART DIRECTOR INTERN DESIGNER INTERN WRITER INTERN Apply Valero Apply 5 Tips To Hit The Ground Running Personally and Professionally in 2023 Even those who hate the term “resolution” likely have career goals for the year ahead. Whether it is starting a leadership position, growing as a thought leader in your industry, or completely redirecting your career path, almost everyone has something they are trying to achieve professionally. Here are some simple things you can do to ensure that you reach your career goals in 2023. And, they all start with self-reflection and self-discovery. Article CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2023 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.