Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Commencement Main navigation Home Fall 2022 Ceremony Ceremony and Venue Information Schedule of Events Seating Parking President's Graduation Celebration Students Students Graduation Checklist Regalia Summer Graduates Parents and Guests Parents and Guests Accessibility and Special Needs FAQs Plan Your Visit Venue Information Faculty & Staff Ph.D. Advisors Volunteer Future Dates User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Congratulations, Graduates! Georgia Tech will host its Spring Commencement ceremonies on May 5 and 6, 2023. View the Ceremony Schedule Spring Commencement Georgia Tech will host its Spring 2023 Commencement ceremonies on May 5 and 6, 2023. More details will be available soon. Student Information Commencement FAQs Late Walk Application Late walks are granted on a case-by-case basis when a hardship prevents a student from attending their graduating semester as space allows in our venue. This form is for students who want to participate in the Spring 2023 ceremony and will close on March 17. Fill out the form Early Walk Application Summer 2023 graduates with two classes or less remaining and in good academic standing will have the option to apply for an early walk in Spring 2023. The application period for Spring 2023 is open until March 17, 2023. Fill out the form Student Reflection Speaker Apply to be the Student Reflection Speaker at the Commencement ceremonies! More details on the Student Reflection Speaker application will be released soon. Regalia Regalia is required to participate in Commenement. Learn More Venue Information All ceremonies take place at Bobby Dodd Stadium. Only clear bags are permitted into the venue. Learn more about venue policies and allowed items. Learn more Commencement FAQs Visit our FAQs page for answers to common Commencement questions. More Information Bobby Dodd Stadium Georgia Institute of Technology 177 North Avenue NW Atlanta, GA 30313 (404) 894-5447 Bobby Dodd Stadium Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN