Skip to main content Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid Menu Home Subjects Browse By Subject Area Business Computing Defense Technologies Digital Media Engineering Exam Prep K-12 Programs Languages Management Manufacturing Mathematics Occupational Safety & Health Personal Development Supply Chain & Logistics Programs All Program Offerings Courses Degrees Graduate Certificates Professional Certificates Boot Camps Savannah Campus Workplace Learning & Professional Development Partner With Us Corporate Education Train at Your Location Featured FinTechU Georgia Tech Summer K-12 Programs Military Programs ESL (English as a Second Language) Georgia Film Academy Georgia Tech Online All Online Offerings Online Courses Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs) Savannah Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events In-Person Meetings Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conference Management Blog Georgia Tech Main Site Give Directory Sign in My Cart Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Email YouTube Search Select Search Category Everything Courses & Programs Degree Programs Articles & News GTPE Website Search this site Home icon_chevron Savannah Georgia Tech-Savannah A thriving hub for education, an essential resource to industry, and a valued contributor to the coastal region Savannah Courses Boot Camps OSHA Training Project Management Supply Chain & Logistics Programs Georgia Film Academy K-12 Programs Leadership Training Military Meetings Request for Proposal Coastal Impact Bringing Professional Education to Coastal Georgia We offer education for all stages of life, with courses and programs specifically designed to help Georgia's coastal region grow and excel. Providing professional education to adult learners for over a century in Georgia and a decade in Savannah, Georgia Tech-Savannah continues to serve as the Institute's lifelong learning arm. From education for veterans to K12 STEM enrichment and outreach, leadership training, coding boot camps, OSHA training, and applied research, Georgia Tech-Savannah offers professional education courses and community outreach for individuals and businesses in the Coastal Empire and surrounding region. Conveniently located off of I-95 on the Jimmy DeLoach Parkway, the Georgia Tech-Savannah campus is also home to the region's Enterprise Innovation Institute's office for the Advanced Technology Development Center (atdc), Georgia Tech Manufacturing Extension Partnership (GaMEP), and the Georgia Tech Procurement Assistance Center (gtpac). In addition, the Savannah campus serves as location for the Center of Innovation for Logistics. Georgia Tech-Savannah is bringing the world to Savannah The Georgia Tech-Savannah campus is home to a wide range of professional education programs and Georgia Tech centers and partnerships. Watch the video icon_chevron Explore Our Professional Offerings Professional Education Courses We offer a variety of professional development courses to build your skills, deepen your knowledge, and set yourself up for success in your career. Read More K12 Programs We ensure students in the Savannah area receive the best preparation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics through our K12 programs. Read More Leadership Training Our leadership training provides Savannah-area professionals the knowledge to meet current and future business needs of the coastal region. Read More Education for Veterans Our fully-funded military transition program prepares veterans, active-duty service members, and military spouses for jobs in the civilian world. Read More “The Lean Six Sigma Black Belt certification from Georgia Tech through the VET2 program put me ahead of other job seekers and has helped with my studies at Havard Business School. It helped me to look at things strategically and technically from a process standpoint.” Charles Hudson National Security Advisor “After a career as a chemist and then IT professional, I was eager to get my feet wet in web development. The coding boot camp changed my life. I now work at a company where I feel supported and am thriving. I apply the skills I learned in boot camp to the work I do for our clients.” Jessie Gilligan Developer “The right content was delivered in a professional environment and in an interactive, practical format by highly qualified instructors. The learner groups were diverse in all of their supply chain related roles, and came from various industries.” Roz Nero Procurement Specialist “I knew that a Lean Six Sigma certification would help me standout to potential employers, but I am so thankful for acquiring the valuable skills that I use every day in my current position. The instructor was excellent, and the entire class was really engaged. Process improvement and using data to help improve function in our company has been a real asset to help get me to where I am today.” Dylan Thomas Advanced Management Partner Community Impact Helping the coastal region evolve and excel through our unique programs, community partnerships, and industry expertise. Learn More 1,500+ of professionals benefit from our professional development programs. 1,000+ K-12 students served in Savannah and surrounding region by CEISMC. 85% of VET2 graduates receive full-time job offers from partner businesses. Meeting Services From small meetings to large conferences, our meeting facilities are ideal for board meetings, trainings, client meetings, and more. Learn More Train At Your Location We enable employers to provide specialized, on-location training on their own timetables. Our world-renowned experts can create unique content that meets your employees' specific needs. We also have the ability to deliver courses via web conferencing or on-demand online videos. For 15 or more students, it is more cost-effective for us to come to you. Save Money Flexible Schedule Group Training Customize Content On-Site Training Earn a Certificate Learn More Featured Stories Discover the latest news and thought leadership coming out of Georgia Tech-Savannah Partnering for Success Training, reskilling, and equipping management for the future are all hot topics for organizations today. Just as it is important for... Learn More BIPOC Youth Learn Map-Making to Build Disaster Resilience In an effort to empower youth in underserved communities, the Georgia Tech-based project Visualizing Resilience: BIPOC Youth Advocacy... Learn More Georgia Tech-Savannah Expands its Reach to Rural Communities Georgia Tech-Savannah has a strong mission to not only be an educational hub for learners of all ages, but to extend its reach beyond its... Learn More Coasting with the Clarks Russ Clark and his wife Karen were recently featured in the Richmond Hill Neighbors magazine, highlighting their life and involvement in the... Learn More Scholarships Awarded to Military Students for Lean Six Sigma In August of this year, four military students were awarded scholarships from the Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation to participate in Georgia... Learn More Georgia Tech-Savannah Announces New Professional Leadership Certificate Program Last May, Georgia Tech-Savannah announced that it would be introducing a new Professional Leadership certificate program to run from August... Learn More Creating Value in the Manufacturing Industry When HMTX Industries, a global luxury vinyl tile manufacturer, wanted to craft an internal professional development and training program the... Learn More Creating High-Demand Careers in Georgia's Film and Creative Industries With a mission to put Georgians to work in all aspects of the state’s multibillion-dollar entertainment industry all across the state, the... Learn More Bringing Computer Science to Savannah's Classrooms Recognizing that computer science education was not widely available in most K-12 classrooms, Code.org was founded in 2013. The... Learn More Credentialing Opportunities for Soldiers Georgia Tech Professional Education (GTPE) is updating its selection of Military Programs, which now includes the addition of U.S. Army... Learn More Georgia Tech Professional Education Receives Two Awards from the Association for… Georgia Tech Professional Education (GTPE) was recently honored with two of the three 2020 Distance Education Crystal Awards given this year... Learn More Water Monitoring Project Makes Savannah a World Leader A few years ago there existed only one gauge in Georgia that monitored tide levels and that was at Fort Pulaski on the Savannah River. Now... Learn More See All Have a question or need more information about Georgia Tech-Savannah? Contact Us Join Our List The latest insights in tech, business, and leadership straight to your inbox each month. Sign Up Connect With Us Join the conversation on the latest industry news and academic offerings. Resources Programs Browse by Subject Courses Certificates Degrees Military Programs ESL Georgia Tech Online Train at Your Location Event Services Virtual & Hybrid Events Global Learning Center Savannah Facilities Academic Conferences About Us Executive Leadership Leadership Searches Impact Reports Savannah Campus The Language Institute Accreditation Contact Us FAQs Visit Us Georgia Tech Global Learning Center 84 5th St NW Atlanta GA 30308 USA Get Directions Phone: 404-385-3500 Emergency Information Legal and Privacy Information Accessibility Accountability GTPE EU GDPR Privacy Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Report Website Issue Georgia Tech Professional Education Logo Solid © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology