Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship at Georgia Tech was made possible by The Goizueta Foundation, established by Roberto C. Goizueta, the late CEO and chairman of the board of directors of The Coca-Cola Company. The fellowship is designed to increase the number of students of Hispanic/Latino origin who enroll at Georgia Tech to pursue their doctoral studies. A limited number of fellowships are awarded each academic year. Fellowship recipients will bring exemplary levels of scholarship and innovation to the academic departments that host their study and research. Each of The Goizueta Foundation Fellows will be asked to participate in stewardship activities. Eligibility Requirements Must be a new or current graduate student admitted to a Georgia Tech doctoral program. Must be enrolled as a full-time student. Must be of Hispanic/Latino heritage with family residing in the United States (i.e., not an international student planning to move abroad upon graduation). Must submit The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship at Georgia Tech nomination form by midnight on March 6 to OHI at: https://hispanicoffice.gatech.edu/programs/the-goizueta-foundation-fellowship/application Note: New doctoral students must be invited to submit a Fellowship application by a Georgia Tech departmental representative (such as a graduate school coordinator or school chair). Doctoral students currently enrolled at Georgia Tech who meet the above eligibility requirements may submit an application with the approval of their research advisor. All interested students, current and prospective, need to submit an application at: https://hispanicoffice.gatech.edu/programs/the-goizueta-foundation-fellowship/application Terms of the Award The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship at Georgia Tech is a supplemental award and may be held in addition to any other fellowship (e.g., a National Science Foundation Fellowship or the President's Fellowship). The fellowship: Provides an annual stipend of $4,000 (disbursed in two payments) for 12 months of full-time enrollment. Is renewable for a second year based upon the student's satisfactory academic performance, evaluation by faculty, progress towards the doctoral degree, and participation in events and activities sponsored by OHI. At the end of their second year, exceptional Fellows may apply for a second award for a total of four years. Complete application packets, including a letter of recommendation (to be submitted by the recommender) at: https://hispanicoffice.gatech.edu/letter-recommendation, must be received by OHI by midnight on March 6. For more information on applying to graduate school at Georgia Tech, visit the Graduate Studies website at www.gradadmiss.gatech.edu. Fellows' Involvement and Participation Welcome reception or end-of-year social event for The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship recipients Two luncheons per academic year with distinguished Hispanic/Latino faculty Projects (e.g., leadership conferences and community service) Other events and activities sponsored by OHI Meet the Director Learn more about the director of OHI, and please contact Jorge Breton for any questions about our programs and events. Learn More Student Spotlights Check out the spotlights of some of The Goizueta Foundation Scholars and Fellows. Read Spotlights Read the Brochure Learn more about our goals, programs, and events in this informative brochure. Read Brochure Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login