Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter January 19th, 2023 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER January 19th, 2023 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current Meet the OMED Career Pathway Champions GT OMED would like to give a warm welcome to the Inaugural Cohort of Career Pathway Champions. The team consists of Rachael Onyewuenyi, a Biomedical Engineering major, Julian Dudley, an Aerospace Engineering major, and Augusto Chang, an Industrial Engineering major. The Career Pathway Champions will be assisting OMED with all things career related this semester. These students are passionate about mentoring, networking and assisting their fellow Yellow Jackets in their career preparation, planning and exploration. 2023 Tower Awards - Save the Date Information AAMI 2023 Events - Save the Dates Women, Science and Technology RSVP Click Here to Review Recent WST Research Partnerships LGBTQIA Resource Center Rising Up – An LGBTQIA Resilience Cohort This group is for LGBTQIA undergraduate and graduate students who are committed to developing resilience skills to improve their mental health and acquire tools to help them overcome challenges. If you struggle to challenge negative messages, handle stress, or maintain healthy habits and routines when faced with difficult situations, this is the group for you. This group is not intended to be or to replace group therapy. It can be a useful complement to therapy, and it also stands alone as a resource for anyone who wants to learn crucial resilience skills. This cohort will meet weekly on Thursdays from 4 - 5 p.m. beginning January 26. The last session will be Thursday, April 20. If you have any questions, please contact William Britto. Sign Up Link: https://gatech.campuslabs.com/engage/submitter/form/start/568937 Queer Coffeehouse – Tuesday, January 24 | 11 a.m. – 12 p.m. Queer Coffeehouse returns this spring with a new meeting day! All coffeehouses will happen biweekly on Tuesdays! Mark your calendar. Use the link below to RSVP for our first Coffeehouse of the semester. Learn more about Queer Coffeehouse on our website! RSVP Link: https://gatech.campuslabs.com/engage/event/8608819 Y’all Means All: Gender Affirming Voice and Communication – Friday, February 10 | 4 – 5 p.m. Join the Emory Voice Center as they discuss voice. Staff will share the Emory Voice Center's philosophy on voice care and the approach that Emory Voice Center takes for gender-affirming voice care. They will provide an overview of available services from voice therapy to voice surgery. Additionally, they will provide some voice health tips and vocal warm up exercises. RSVP Link: https://gatech.campuslabs.com/engage/event/8726205 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium Description: On behalf of the Black Graduate Student Association (BGSA) and the Latino Organization of GRAduate Students (LOGRAS), we invite you to attend the 2023 Georgia Tech Graduate Technical (GT^2) Symposium: "World of Opportunities: Pathways to Excellence." This is an annual event that incorporates a networking mixer, research poster session, technical talks, speakers from academia and industry, as well as a variety of professional development workshops and panels aimed toward graduate students. Be sure to register and submit an abstract for a poster or oral presentation by the deadline, for a chance to compete and win prizes! If you are not an official member of BGSA and LOGRAS, registration will be $10. More details to come upon registration. Date: Friday, January 20th from 5:30pm - 8:00pm & Saturday, January 21st from 8:15am - 8:30pm Location: Marcus Nanotechnology Building (345 Ferst Dr NW, Atlanta, GA 30318) & Exhibition Hall (460 4th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30313) Georgia Tech Career Center - Career Guide Spring 2023 Events In-Person Resume Reviews with Employers and Professionals Students may stop by for a 10-15 min critique. Please bring a printed copy of your resume with you. Friday, January 20: 12-3:00pm, Exhibition Hall Mock Career Fair co-led with Suit Up Professional Preparation Fri, Jan 20, 12-3:30pm, Exhibition Hall Meet with employers to practice your career fair introductions and to learn more about how you can set yourself apart at future career fairs and networking events. Office of International Education Education Abroad 101: Summer Study Abroad Programs Jan. 24 at 11am in Exhibition Hall: Sweet Auburn Room This session will focus on sharing information on the variety of summer study abroad programs that students can apply to for summer 2023 study abroad. Please join OIE Advisors for information about programs still accepting students, learn about the application process, finances, and more. Education Abroad 101: Global Research and Internship Program Jan. 31 at 11am in Exhibition Hall: Sweet Auburn Room This session will focus on the Global Research and Internship Program (GRIP) --which is open to Tech students at all levels to do research or intern abroad. As more employers look for college graduates who can work in diverse settings and approach problems from multiple perspectives, it is more important than ever for Georgia Tech students to gain global experience in their fields. Georgia Tech's Global Research and Internship Program (GRIP) helps students accomplish this by facilitating industry work and research experiences in an international context. Fall 2023 Exchange Deadline Application Deadline: February 1 via Atlas Undergraduate students looking to study abroad for academic year or fall 2023 can study abroad through Exchange. The deadline to apply AY or Fall 2023 Exchange is: Feb. 1, 2023. Exchanges are excellent ways to cost effectively study abroad, earn major and elective credit that satisfies degree requirements, and live abroad for an academic year, fall, or spring semester. Make an appointment with an Exchange Advisor if you have any questions. OIE Scholarship Deadline Feb. 15 at 11:59pm Summary: The Academic Year, Fall, and Summer 2023 OIE Scholarship Deadline is February 15. Description: The Office of International Education (OIE) administers a number of scholarships exclusively for Tech students who study abroad on a Tech program. Students apply for all OIE scholarships they are eligible for with one application. The average award is about $2,500 and this is a competitive process. There are additional scholarships available and please let us know if you have questions. Keywords: Scholarship, study abroad scholarships, Gilman, Boren, Critical Language Scholarship, Faculty Led Study Abroad, FLSA, Exchange, Education Abroad, EA 101, International, study abroad, partner universities Venture Lab - Hiring Entrepreneurship Assistants ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS! Entrepreneurship Assistant Program VentureLab is recruiting Entrepreneurship Assistants (EAs)! This paid position gives students the opportunity to work with Georgia Tech research teams to explore applications for their innovations with real evidence through customer discovery. The inaugural cohort of EAs will embark upon an ambitious mission to uncover valuable insights that will help bring groundbreaking inventions from concepts into marketable products. To apply, complete the form at https://venturelab.gatech.edu/ea-apply Position Overview EAs will: Gain entrepreneurial confidence. Learn modern startup methodologies in an immersive environment. Explore the value propositions made possible by technologies from Georgia Tech research labs. Build networks through meaningful conversations with industry professionals. General Responsibilities and Time Commitment The position requires 10-15 hours per week. EAs will: Conduct customer discovery interviews and perform other stakeholder engagement activities. Attend weekly check-in sessions. Prepare, present and review findings. Minimum Qualifications Strong desire to learn and conduct customer discovery activities. Be willing to maintain focus and a positive attitude. Willing to get out of their comfort zones, including working well with individuals and in group settings. Interested? Then apply today! Accepting applications and conducting interviews on a rolling basis until February 10. Questions? Contact Jonathan Goldman at jongoldman@gatech.edu Apply Pre-Graduate and Pre-Professional (PGPP) Advising PREPPING FOR KNIGHT-HENNESSY For First- and Second Year Students Interested in pursuing a graduate or professional degree at Stanford University? Committed to becoming a global leader and agent of change in your chosen field? Learn how best to prepare yourself for the Knight-Hennessy Scholarship. WHEN: Thursday January 26, 2023 TIMES: 11:00 AM-12:00 PM in Press Room A, Bill Moore Student Success Center AND   5:00-6:00 PM via Zoom - https://gatech.zoom.us/my/karenmura Same content both times Questions? Email karen.mura@gatech.edu Valero Apply Virginia Tech's - A Step to the Doctorate Institute Are you a junior, engineering student who is interested in in graduate studies? Virginia Tech’s Center for the Enhancement of Engineering Diversity (CEED) is committed to fostering an intellectually and demographically diverse environment that supports creativity, innovation, and community. We welcome promising undergraduate engineering students from diverse backgrounds and experience to participate in A Step to the Doctorate Institute to learn more about: The graduate school experiences Virginia Tech’s Engineering graduate programs Ways to strategically position yourself to maximize future success in applying to graduate school The boot camp helps students make significant progress on their graduate application process and personal statements. If you are struggling to find time and space to get going with the graduate school process, or just wish for a little more support as you do so, this program is for you. It’s free and online. See attached flier for more information or contact Trey Waller (trwaller@vt.edu). Application Deadline - January 28th, 2023 Information Boosting Research-Experiences for Increasing Doctorate Graduates in Engineering - (BRIDGE) Program Are you an engineering student interested in engineering graduate studies at CMU or Pitt, particularly in bioengineering or mechanical engineering? "Would you like to work in research and development to develop technology for the future? Are you interested in robotics, machine learning, or neural engineering? Have you been in the work force and are looking to advance your professional opportunities? If you answered yes to any of these questions, this fully paid master’s research program is for you! Unlike other master’s programs, the MS-to-PhD BRIDGE (at the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University) provides you with the opportunity to lead a research project with the advice of one of our mentors. You will participate in a fully paid internship at a national laboratory, meeting potential future employers. You will engage with various research groups in your field of interest in Pittsburgh and in paid scientific conferences. You will earn a master’s degree in science with a research thesis, and receive a full tuition waiver and an annual stipend to cover personal expenses for 2.5 years. Apply now to launch your scientific career! We strongly encourage individuals historically underrepresented in STEM fields to apply. For more information watch: youtu.be/77X7d6mapVM" If you have questions about the program, please contact one of the program coordinators: Gelsy Torres-Oviedo, PhD (gelsyto@pitt.edu) or Douglas Weber, PhD (dougweber@cmu.edu). Information Stanford Prism Program Now that we have turned the calendar to 2023, we encourage you to spread the word and/or Apply NOW for Stanford's Postdoctoral Recruitment Initiative in Sciences and Medicine (i.e. PRISM)! All graduate students, and especially those interested in earning a postdoctoral opportunity at Stanford, are eligible to apply for this initiative. Through PRISM, we invite students to campus to explore the postdoc training environment, to build bonds and network with faculty, and to determine whether advanced training at Stanford would support their career goals. Stated differently, #StanfordPRISM was created in 2017 to support underrepresented scholars searching for excellent mentorship and a quality postdoc opportunity. At Stanford, postdocs work alongside top scientists and simultaneously develop their professional skills, explore career options, and prepare for independent careers. Stanford has one of the largest postdoc populations in the country and a strong commitment to making the postdoc experience the best it can possibly be. Eligible applicants are encouraged to contact the PRISM Team for guidance on preparing a successful application and connecting with potential mentors. Apply Today! 🧬🔬📚 💻 Application Closes: Monday, Feb. 13th, 2023 Cohort Visit Date(s): Wednesday, May 10th - Saturday, May 13th, 2023 Let Us Know If You Have Any Questions! Stanford PRISM Team stanfordprism@stanford.edu Information Penn State - Department of Chemical Engineering The Department of Chemical Engineering at The Pennsylvania State University will host a Research Experience for Undergraduates Site focused on the Integration of Biology and Materials May 30 – August 4, 2023. This REU program will provide a 10-week collaborative research experience for undergraduate students aimed at advancing the field and applications of biomolecular materials. Projects will span a variety of topics including design of biomaterials, control of living-nonliving interfaces, tissue engineering, biocatalysts, and development of processes for effective recovery of biomolecules. In addition to the research experience, students will participate in a variety of technical and social activities including seminars and facilities tours. Interactions with other REU sites at Penn State and a focus on collaborative work in teams will provide social, research, and personal growth opportunities beyond the research project work. Undergraduate students in Chemical Engineering, Bioengineering, Biology, Chemistry, Materials Science, Physics, or related majors are encouraged to apply. More information regarding this REU program and an online application can be found at: sites.psu.edu/chereu/ Program dates: May 30 – August 4, 2023 Award includes: $5,700 stipend, on-campus housing, or housing allowance, and up to $400 for travel. Selection and eligibility: Selection for this program is based on the applicant’s academic standing, a brief statement of interest, and two reference letters from faculty members. US citizenship or permanent residence status is required. Please see the online application. Application deadline: February 15, 2023. Information on how to apply can be found at: sites.psu.edu/chereu/apply-now/ Contact: Questions can be addressed to Dr. Esther Gomez (ewg10@psu.edu) or Dr. Stephanie Velegol (sbv1@psu.edu) Apply Capgemini - Epic Program EPIC is Capgemini’s new sophomore program focused on providing undergraduate sophomore students who identify as Black, Hispanic/Latinx, or Indigenous (Native American, Alaska Native, etc.) the opportunity to be exposed to the world of management consulting. Through this program, chosen participants will have the opportunity to network with consultants and leaders at Invent, learn tips & tricks for acing a case interview, and strengthen their business skill set. EPIC 2023 is planned to take place virtually from June 13 – 15th. During EPIC, students will have opportunities to contribute to their overall personal and professional development and successful participants will receive an offer to join us at our RISE case study competition the following year. We believe this opportunity will provide a lot of value to your students. If you have additional questions, please reach out to inventcampusrecruiting.nar@capgemini.com. More information can be found at (https://tinyurl.com/InventEPIC2023). CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2023 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.