Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Office of Hispanic Initiatives Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Overview History Meet the Director Meet the Student Employees Corporate Engagement Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form Distinguished Faculty The Goizueta Foundation Fellowship Nomination Forms Distinguished Faculty Resources Facts and Figures Campus Organizations News Student Spotlights Institute News In the Media Events Hispanic Heritage Month Latino Welcome Celebration Mini World Cup Upcoming Events Photo Galleries Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund Application Form All applicants accepted or not, will be notified via email by mid April. Scholarship recipients will be incoming first-year students who have superior academic accomplishments and demonstrated leadership skills. The Goizueta Foundation Scholars are expected to maintain a high level of academic achievement and participate in stewardship activities in conjunction with distinguished faculty and The Goizueta Foundation Fellows. Eligibility Applicants must be exceptional students admitted at Georgia Tech. However, please do not wait to be admitted by Georgia Tech to apply for the scholarship. All prospective students interested in being considered for the scholarship must submit a complete application for financial aid (including a FAFSA processed by the U.S. Department of Education and the Georgia Tech Application for Scholarships and Financial Aid), CSS Profile to the Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid by January 31. Additionally, they must submit The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship at Georgia Tech application and essay below by March 1. For more information about The Goizueta Foundation Scholars Fund’s eligibility requirements, selection criteria, awards, scholars’ involvement and participation, and access to mentors, click here. For additional questions, contact OHI Director Jorge Breton at jorge.breton@gatech.edu. All applicants accepted or not, will be notified via email by mid April. Applicant Please note that you will need to submit an essay at the end of this form. Since the information submitted in other sections of this application form will not be saved until you complete the form in its entirety, you should have your essay ready before you complete the rest of this application form. First Name * Last Name * Georgia Tech ID Number * Hispanic/Latino Origin (e.g., Cuba, Mexico, etc.) * Street Address * City * State * Zip * Email Address * Phone Number * Immediate/Closest Family Member Residing in the U.S. First Name * Last Name * Relationship to You * Street Address * City * State * Zip * Email Address * Phone Number * Essay: What are your educational goals, and how do you foresee using your education and cultural background to impact the growing Hispanic/Latino population? * This essay will be used as part of the consideration process for The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship at Georgia Tech. Please upload essay (800 words or less) as a PDF and title/name it as follows: the first two letters of your family name, followed by the first two letters of your first name, followed by the last three digits of your GTID. For example, George Burdell with GTID 903012345 would need to title his essay: BuGe345. Please do not write your name on the essay. Instead, use the same four letters and three digits on the top of your essay. Files must be less than 2 MB. Allowed file types: gif jpg jpeg png pdf doc docx. I certify that the information in this application is correct. * Yes Consistent with the Institute’s Honor Code, I certify that the essay submitted for The Goizueta Foundation Scholarship at Georgia Tech is factually correct, honestly presented, and that I am the original and sole author of this essay. * Yes Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Colleges, Instructional Sites & Research Colleges College of Computing College of Design College of Engineering College of Sciences Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts Scheller College of Business Instructional Sites Georgia Tech-Lorraine Georgia Tech-Savannah Georgia Tech-Shenzhen Georgia Tech Online Professional Education The Language Institute Global Footprint Global Engagement Research Georgia Tech Research Institute Research at Georgia Tech Executive Vice President for Research Student & Parent Resources Student Resources Apply BuzzPort Buzzcard Career Resources Commencement Library Student Life Student Entrepreneurship Study Abroad Canvas Parent Resources Parent and Family Programs Student Life Scholarships & Financial Aid Employee, Alumni, & Other Resources Employees Administration and Finance Advising & Teaching Faculty Affairs Faculty Hiring Human Resources Office of the Provost TechWorks Alumni Alumni Association Alumni Career Services Giving Back to Tech Outreach Startup Companies Economic Development Industry Engagement Government & Community Partners Professional Education Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login