Campaign URL Copy Twitter 0 tweets Subscribe Past Issues RSS Translate English العربية Afrikaans беларуская мова български català 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） Hrvatski Česky Dansk eesti keel Nederlands Suomi Français Deutsch Ελληνική हिन्दी Magyar Gaeilge Indonesia íslenska Italiano 日本語 ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 македонски јазик بهاس ملايو Malti Norsk Polski Português Português - Portugal Română Русский Español Kiswahili Svenska עברית Lietuvių latviešu slovenčina slovenščina српски தமிழ் ภาษาไทย Türkçe Filipino украї́нська Tiếng Việt CSDI Current Newsletter October 20th, 2022 News from The Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion READ IN BROWSER October 20th, 2022 Issue Read Previous Issues of the CSDI Current Introducing OMED Career Pathway Champion - Mikayla Alves Please join us for the first Casual Career Convos on October 27 from 12- 2pm! This will be an opportunity to talk about how to get ready for your summer and answer any questions you may have about making career-based decisions. Is it more important to do research or an internship? Should you apply to graduate school? How to pay for any of these things? Join us for a lunch with pizza, snacks and drinks in the Chapin Building. OMED: Educational Services - Student Assistant Positions Do you have a passion for all things career related? Are you interested in moving that career related mission forward to impact Georgia Tech’s URM population as well as support career readiness initiatives via the OMED Career Pathways program? If you are, OMED is accepting applications of interested candidates. Application cycle opens on 10.21.2022 For additional information please email: rob.rogers@gatech.edu Information Register The 2023-24 Women, Science, and Technology Learning Community application is now open at this link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eajy4fCiymXtOsu We will review applications on a rolling basis and notify students of acceptances to the WST Learning Community within a week of their applications. We will assign rooms in late January and send out room numbers in early February. Each WST Learning Community applicant should also complete the Housing application, which should open in early spring 2023. If you have questions, please email Dr. Carol Colatrella (carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu). Apply Office of International Education Education Abroad 101: ISyE Summer Study Abroad Programs Oct. 25 at 11am in Savant Building #308 This session will focus on the ISyE Summer Program in Europe and the ISyE Summer Program in Asia. These summer programs offer Georgia Tech ISYE students the opportunity to take standard undergraduate industrial engineering courses abroad. Please join us to learn more about these awesome opportunities! University College Dublin Information Session October 25 at 11am via Zoom Students interested in studying abroad at the University College Dublin Exchange are invited to join this virtual information session. Undergraduate students majoring in Biomedical Engineering, Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering are eligible to study in Dublin for 15 weeks for less than a regular semester in Atlanta (for an in-state student). Please email Andrea Henriquez for more information. Global Research and Internship Program (GRIP) Expo The Office of International Education is excited to announce that registration for this year's Global Research and Internship Program Expo is now open!🎉 This year's GRIP Expo will be virtual from October 24th-October 26th. The Expo will offer you the chance to connect with international employers, research programs, providers, and gain a students' perspective from GRIP Alumni. You can now register for webinars by heading to the GRIP Expo website - to sign up for Expo updates, please complete this Qualtrics form. If you have questions, please reach out to Elizabeth Reese (elizabeth.reese@oie.gatech.edu). Boren Information Session Nov. 1 at 11am in Savant Building #308 This information session will give a general overview of the Boren Awards, how to get started, and also the chance to speak with a Boren Representative. The Boren Scholarships provide up to $25,000 for undergraduate students to study in countries that are generally underrepresented in study abroad. The Boren Fellowships provide graduate students up to $25,000 to add an important international and language component to their graduate studies. Pre-Graduate & Pre-Professional Advising The Office of Graduate Education and Pre-Graduate Pre-Professional Advising are hosting the 2nd annual Virtual Graduate School Showcase on Oct. 21. VGSS is open to anyone from anywhere in the world who is looking to connect with over 90 GT and non-GT graduate programs and learn about graduate school in general for free. More info is available at https://gradshowcase.oue.gatech.edu/. Interested in attending graduate school? Attend Georgia Tech’s FREE Virtual Graduate School Showcase to learn about 40+ Georgia Tech graduate programs and 50+ graduate programs from colleges and universities across the US and the UK. Learn more and register at gradshowcase.oue.gatech.edu Register Hello! We are excited to host a variety of virtual events aimed at supporting you as you continue to navigate the recruiting process. Please see below for the event details and registration information. Please know that while we would welcome you at all of these events, you may sign up for the specific sessions that interest you or work with your schedule. Here are our event offerings for the month of October! To view job postings, visit https://www.capitalonecareers.com/campus Case & Interview Workshops 10/21/22, 11:00 AM ET: Business Case Workshop - Register Here 10/21/22, 1:00 PM ET: Technical Interview & Case Workshop - Register Here Additional Resources Students & Grads Careers Careers Blog Learn & Grow Blog We hope you join us on your career journey and feel free to invite a friend! CSDI Newsletter Survey CSDI Newsletter Survey Tell Us How We Are Doing! We are always looking for ways to improve the CSDI Current newsletter. Please take a moment to provide us with your feedback via our very brief survey. Survey The mission of the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion is to provide programmatic and thought leadership, expertise, and advocacy to continue to promote the Institute's diverse student initiatives, programs, and efforts that facilitate our collective goal of student diversity and inclusion. Please contact Institute Diversity Corporate Relations Manager Rob Rogers @ rob.rogers@gatech.edu to submit announcements for the CSDI Current. The CSDI Current is a monthly newsletter. www.csdi.gatech.edu Copyright © 2022 Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion, All rights reserved. Want to change how you receive these emails? You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list.