Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement - Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Overview Mission and Vision Meet the Cultural Strategist Meet the Collaborators History Programs Leadership Development Inclusive Leaders Academy Coaching Leading Women@Tech Engagement Transformative Narratives Community Dialogues ERGs Emerging Professionals GRIOT HOLA RESILIENCE PRIDE Web of Brilliance Women Workshops Resources Campus Organizations News and Events Institute News In the Media Upcoming Events Speaking Engagements Multimedia Transformative Narratives Photo Galleries Videos Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Programs Engagement Transformative Narratives At Georgia Tech, we believe in the power of stories to advance our overarching goal of inclusive excellence, and find storytelling to be an act of inclusion. Stories ground us in our individuality and powerfully connect us through our common humanity. Stories reveal diverse identities, backgrounds, experiences and perspectives in ways that honor our institutional value of “Community.” Storytelling generates social awareness, grows leadership skills, and fosters belonging among faculty, students and staff. The Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement team is bravely leading the work of storytelling integration. The evolving Transformative Narratives collection is a curated collection of visual, oral, and written personal stories. The stories empower all members of the Georgia Tech community to courageously and creatively engage with issues of diversity and inclusion as both storytellers and story listeners. The collection will provoke and inspire and educate in many ways. Trigger Warning – Some stories in the digital audio story collection involve emotional struggle, are emotionally poignant, and may provoke varying degrees of emotions, feelings and/or distress. We recommend that listeners make informed decisions about engaging with this material. Resources to provide support are available. To quickly learn more about the initiative please review the following highlight videos: Georgia Tech Storytelling Montage Transformative Narratives Summer 2020 Collection of Transformative Narratives Featured Story: Kamau Bobb Listen to Kamau Bobb’s story, “The Lynching Memorial” Listen to Full Story Featured Story: Karen Head Listen to Karen Head’s story, "Heart Work" Listen to Full Story Featured Story: Jeff Hallman Listen to Jeff Hallman’s story, "That August Day" Listen to Full Story Featured Story: Tiffany C. Courtney Listen to Tiffany C. Courtney’s story, "Medical Sequences" Listen to Full Story Featured Animations Featured Animation: Lindsey Laney View animation of Lindsey Laney’s "Loving Her Freely for the First Time" Animation Credit: Benjamin Gardner, Instructional Technologist, GT Professional Education View Animated Story Featured Animation: Jerrold Mobley View animation of Jerrold Mobley’s "Parsing Privilege" Animation Credit: Benjamin Gardner, Instructional Technologist, GT Professional Education View Animated Story Featured Animation: David Tate View animation of David Tate’s "That Really Wasn’t It" Animation Credit: Stanislav Bogdanov, part-time Instructional Designer, GT Professional Education View Animated Story Summer 2020 Collection All Summer 2020 Audio Stories 2017-2019 Collection All 2017-2019 Audio Stories Thank You to Our Partners Thank you to our campus partners whose brilliance and generosity helped make our vision of the Transformative Narratives a reality! View a List of Our Partners Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login