Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Administration and Finance Main navigation About Mission and Vision Leadership Organizational Chart Leadership Announcements Search for Executive Vice President for Administration and Finance Reporting Units Administrative Services Center Finance and Planning Georgia Tech Police Department Human Resources Infrastructure and Sustainability Office of Information Technology Real Estate Development A&F Strategic Plan A&F Strategic Initiatives Five Year Strategic Plan Networks Campus Engagement Alcohol Approval Form Student Employment Tours/Experts A&F Staff Culture Advisory Council Ethics Programming and Education Council Lunch on Mike User account menu Contact Us Open Search Search Search Administration and Finance Meet Interim EVP Shannon Michael P. Shannon, Ph.D. is the interim executive vice president for Administration and Finance and interim chief business officer at the Georgia Institute of Technology. About Michael Shannon Covid 19 Institute Operations Updates Since the beginning of the pandemic, Georgia Tech has put health and safety guidance and resources in place and will continue to do so based upon community needs. We invite you to familiarize yourself with the latest guidance. Learn More A&F Virtual Town Halls Leadership in Administration and Finance (A&F) continues to conduct virtual town halls for staff in A&F. Employees have the opportunity to ask questions and hear the latest from the leadership team. View the Recorded Sessions A&F Strategic Plan Updates In August 2020, Administration and Finance (A&F) launched its strategic planning process. The division-level strategic plan clarifies A&F's contribution to the Institute goals and describes our priorities for the next 5 years. Our plan will clearly articulate A&F's unique contribution to the new Georgia Tech strategic plan and include a detailed implementation plan that describes how each unit will contribute. Read the Plan Quick Links Alcohol Approval Form Campus Tours and Classroom Experts Emergency Protocols EthicsPoint Hotline News Events Input Sought for Georgia Tech’s Next Quality Enhancement Plan Topic Jan 05, 2023 — Atlanta, GA Georgia Tech is set to embark on a new Quality Enhancement Plan (QEP) and is seeking input and topic ideas from all faculty, staff, and students. QEP topic selection is a key part of the Institute’s reaffirmation of accreditation with the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC), scheduled for 2025. Read More Operation Sustainability November 1, 2022 - Atlanta, GA October was Campus Sustainability Month, but Georgia Tech is committed year-round to sustainable campus operations. Departments within Infrastructure and Sustainability such as landscape services, custodial services, recycling, and fleet management continually strive to innovate and incorporate sustainable products and practices. Read More 2023 MLK Celebration and Commemorative Event Series January 9 - 29, 2023 The commemoration of the life and work of Martin Luther King Jr. at the Georgia Institute of Technology encompasses an ambitious slate of events organized by faculty, staff, and students. Our 2023 MLK celebrations will include various virtual and in-person educational programs and service opportunities to encourage active participation from the campus and nearby community! View All 2023 MLK Celebration Events Infrastructure and Sustainability Announces Leadership Roles Oct 27, 2022 - Atlanta, GA Congratulations to Jerel Harris and Tommy Little who have both accepted their interim positions on a permanent basis. Read More The Sustainability Next Task Force Delivers Vision and Launches Implementation Oct 24, 2022 - Atlanta, GA This October, Georgia Tech celebrates Campus Sustainability Month by showcasing the new Sustainability Next Plan. Read More Diversity & Inclusion Training: Addressing Microaggressions February 20, 2023 1 pm - 2:30 pm To better align with Georgia Tech's Strategic Plan for Diversity Equity and Inclusion, IDEI will be offering implicit bias workshops throughout the year for staff, as well as other academic and research faculty. These workshops will focus on bias in workplace dynamics, as well as processes like searches, hiring, and promotion. Learn More The Administrative Services Center Launches Oct 14, 2022 - Atlanta, GA The Administrative Services Center (ASC) is now open, and ASC personnel have begun serving the campus community. Read More Designing the Campus of the Future Sep 14, 2022 - Atlanta, GA Planning is underway to develop the Comprehensive Campus Plan (CCP) – a living document that will inform how campus space can be utilized to support the growing and changing campus community for the next 10 years and beyond. Once complete, the plan will define a vision and strategy for the best use of the Institute’s lands, both within and beyond the current core campus. Read the Article Reporting Units Administration and Finance is comprised of business units that collectively support the student, administrative, financial, information, and physical infrastructure services for the Georgia Tech community. Our customer-oriented services connect the various community members on campus by delivering the practical services the Institute needs to operate efficiently on a day-to-day basis as well the vision and resource planning the Institute needs to succeed well into the future. Administrative Services Center The Administrative Services Center (ASC) is a deliverable of the AdminX initiative. The ASC partners with local and central units to provide efficient and consistent support for administrative operations across the Institute. Learn More Finance and Planning Finance and Planning supports the academic, research, service, and economic development endeavors of Georgia Tech by integrating effective planning, strategic resource management, careful financial oversight of Institute operations, and analytic support for decision-making. Learn More Georgia Tech Police Department The Georgia Tech Police Department (GTPD) is a full service campus law enforcement agency in Atlanta, Georgia consisting of more than 100 full time employees, sworn and civilian, dedicated to the safety and security of the campus. Learn More Human Resources Georgia Tech Human Resources (GTHR) serves the Institute and its more than 14,000 employees through strategic counsel, employee engagement, and essential human capital management operations. As the people’s unit, GTHR is engaged throughout the employee’s lifetime at Georgia Tech. Learn More Infrastructure and Sustainability Infrastructure and Sustainability (I&S) supports operational excellence through innovative, efficient, and sustainable physical infrastructure services for the Georgia Institute of Technology. The unit includes sub-departments that service the campus. Learn More Office of Information Technology The Office of Information Technology (OIT) provides core IT services ranging from classroom and desktop support, wired and wireless Internet, research cyber infrastructure, and critical student services for registration, collaboration, and digital learning. Learn More Real Estate Development Real Estate Development is responsible for the acquisition, sale, leasing, development, encumbrance, and strategic planning of Georgia Tech's real property assets, and the management, construction, and financing of non-academic real estate. Learn More Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN