Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Research Main navigation About What We Do Research Enterprise Strategic Initiatives Research Next Colleges & Schools Who We Are Leadership Organization Team Directory Research Report Careers Contact Us Our Research Commercialization Corporate Engagement Economic Impact Georgia Tech Research Institute Interdisciplinary Research National Laboratories News and Events News Events Newsletters Research Podcasts Resources For Industry Commercialization Corporate Engagement Economic Development For Researchers Researcher Resources Research Development Protecting Your Research For Students Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Find a Mentor Apply to Georgia Tech Open Search Search Search test Breadcrumb Home Chaouki T. Abdallah Chaouki Abdallah Executive Vice President for Research Chaouki T. Abdallah is the Executive Vice President for Research (EVPR) at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Abdallah serves as chief research officer for the Institute, providing overall leadership for the research, economic development, and related support units within Georgia Tech. As a direct report to President Ángel Cabrera and a member of the president’s cabinet, he serves as chief research officer for the Institute. This position provides overall leadership for the more than $1 billion annual research enterprise that includes the Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI), 10 interdisciplinary research institutes (IRIs), as well as economic development, and related support units within Georgia Tech. He also serves on the executive committee of the Council on Research for the Association of Public & Land-Grant Universities (APLU), the executive committee for the Government-University-Industry Research Roundtable (GUIRR), and the advisory committee for the Center on Measuring University Performance (MUP). Abdallah came to Georgia Tech from the University of New Mexico, where he served as the university’s 22nd president, as provost and executive vice president for academic affairs, as well as department chair of the electrical and computer engineering (ECE) department. During his tenure, Abdallah oversaw long-range academic planning and efforts to improve student success, as well as retention-achievement and graduation achievement rates. He conducts research and teaches courses in the area of systems theory with a focus on control, communications, and computing systems. His research has been funded by the National Science Foundation, the Air Force Office of Scientific Research, the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, national laboratories, and various companies. Abdallah, who is fluent in English, French, and Arabic, is a senior member of IEEE and a recipient of that organization’s Millennium Medal. Abdallah began his college career at the Faculté d’ingénierie of the Université Saint-Joseph in Lebanon, then obtained a Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) degree from Youngstown State University in 1981, and a M.S. and Ph.D. in electrical engineering from Georgia Tech in 1982 and 1988, respectively. He has published eight books (three as co-editor and five as co-author) and more than 300 peer-reviewed papers and provided expert testimony to the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. Contact: ctabdallah@gatech.edu 404-894-8885 Executive Assistant: Abbey Bluestein 404-894-3237 abbey.bluestein@gatech.edu Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Accessibility Download PDF Reader Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN