Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords 2023 Martin Luther King Jr. Celebration Eddie Glaude Jr. Provides Insights into Dr. King’s Life and Legacy in Annual MLK Lecture Leading Women@Tech Introduces Newest Cohort You are here: GT Home Home | Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (IDEI) at Georgia Tech provides leadership to establish priorities, policies, and programs that support our mission as a leading technological university in the 21st century. IDEI works with the executive leadership team of the Institute to ensure that we recruit, develop, retain, and engage a diverse cadre of students, faculty, and staff with a wide variety of backgrounds, perspectives, interests, and talents who will contribute to our mission and vision. IDEI also works with campus leaders to ensure that our core values of diversity, equity, and inclusion are embedded in equal opportunity and non-discrimination practices. Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion oversees the six professors of Georgia Tech's ADVANCE Program, who work to enhance gender diversity in the faculty and Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST). IDEI also addresses issues of student diversity and inclusion via the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion which oversees academic transitions and success, retention, and graduation for women and historically underserved and underrepresented populations. IDEI also houses Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement and the Equity and Compliance Programs unit, which houses the Institute's Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) Compliance and Title IX offices. Learn More About Our Units ADVANCE Program Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Center for the Study of Women, Science, and Technology (WST) Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Equity and Compliance Programs LGBTQIA Resource Center Impact Living-Learning Community Office of Hispanic Initiatives Office of Minority Educational Development (OMED) Staff Diversity, Inclusion, and Engagement News Eddie Glaude Jr. Provides Insights into Dr. King’s Life and Legacy in Annual MLK Lecture The New York Times Bestselling Author spoke with attendees on Thursday, January 12. Lewis Named Assistant Provost for Academic Diversity and Inclusion at Notre Dame She will begin her position February 1. Building the Beloved Community: Celebrating the Life and Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Georgia Tech will celebrate the life and legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. with its annual MLK Celebration in January. New Events and Initiatives Promote Transparency and Promotion in Equity and Compliance 50 Years of Title IX continues this month with the launch of the first annual report from the Office of Equity and Compliance Programs and several events highlighting the impact of the landmark federal ruling, including a Conversation with Cabrera featuring Sherry Boschert. Georgia Tech and the University of Puerto Rico researchers collaborate to broaden participation of Latinx students in computing The research project, called “Collaborative Research Broadening Participation of Latinx Students in Computer Science by Integrating Culturally Relevant Computational Music Practices,” is part of a $2.9 million National Science Foundation grant the two institutions received in 2020 for the four-year study that takes place simultaneously in Georgia and Puerto Rico schools. Upcoming Events Jan 9-29 2023 MLK Celebration The 2023 MLK celebrations will include various virtual and in-person educational programs and service opportunities to encourage active participation from the campus and nearby community. Jan 29 From Darkness to Light - My Holocaust Journey Born in Budapest, Hungary, Robert Ratonyi was only 6 years old parents were taken in a Jewish round-up. This is a unique opportunity and a once-in-a-lifetime experience to hear the first-person account of a Holocaust survivor's story. Feb 1 D&I Training: Brave Dialogues - February 1, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop introduces participants to Intergroup Dialogue and the Brave Spaces framework. Feb 3 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - February 3, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Feb 15 Implicit Bias Workshop for Tenure/Tenure-Track Faculty - February 15, 2023 The ADVANCE-IDEI Implicit Bias Workshops for faculty aim to increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across various processes related to faculty evaluations. Feb 16 D&I Training: For the Greater Good - February 16, 2023 (VIRTUAL) This 90-minute workshop creates a space for participants to reflect on their social identities and the intersection of identities Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login