skip to main content × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Introducing Georgia Degrees Pay A powerful new data tool putting affordability and transparency at your fingertips. This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Learn more about our USG Institutions Recognized as the #1 Best Value of all colleges and universities in Georgia by James Magazine. MBA ranked No. 5 for affordability on the 2022 Best MBA Programs list by Top Management Degrees.com. U.S. Department of Education ranked DSC among the top 10% most affordable public four-year or above institutions in the nation. No. 1 graduation rate for student athletes among all NCAA Division II public universities in 2021. Ranked No. 20 by U.S. News & World Report on its Top Performers on Social Mobility list for 2022. At 21:1, averages the lowest student/faculty ratio among all colleges in metro Atlanta to provide students a truly individualized learning experience on campus. Home to one of the nation’s largest medical schools by class size and the state’s only school of dental medicine. Elementary and special education baccalaureate students have a 100% job placement rate upon graduation. According to payscale.com, mid-career salaries for GSU grads average around $90,000. U.S. News & World Report ranked their Online MBA and Nursing Graduate Programs No. 1 in Georgia. Ranked one of the “Best Colleges in Georgia of 2022” for its accreditation, quality, cost and potential future earnings. Ranks No. 10 in the Best Public University category by U.S. News & World Report. Ranked one of the best returns on investment in the state for public colleges by Georgetown’s Center on Education and the Workforce. U.S. News & World Report named UNG a best value for a public university in Georgia. Gordon State's RN to BSN degree program ranks in the top five in the state. Recently ranked by collegeraptor.com as one of the top 10 colleges in the nation with tuition under $20,000 a year. Ranked No. 1 Most Affordable College in Georgia by University HQ Named “Lowest Cost City for Higher Education” among the nation's Best College Towns and Cities by WalletHub. 92% of 2021 University of Georgia grads are employed or attending grad school within 6 months. Ranked No. 35 public regional university in the South by U.S. News & World Report for tuition costs, graduation rates and faculty resources. Home to Georgia’s flagship school of aviation, logging 25,000 flight hours last year. Ranked among the top public universities by U.S. News & World Report for “National Universities Where Most Accepted Students Enroll.” Offers every Georgian free high-speed internet, access to the latest tech, small business resources, career readiness tools, lifelong learning opportunities and more at 408 public libraries across the state. U.S. News & World Report named VSU among the 20 most economically diverse schools in the nation. No. 7 in the College Consensus Rankings of the 50 Best Historically Black Colleges and Universities for 2022. Provides free access to lifelong learning opportunities including educational programs, research databases, over 1.5 million online images and 85,000 cubic feet of records dating back to 1732. Students enrolling Fall Semester 2022 will pay nearly 10% LESS in fees, and tuition has not risen in three years. Offers the lowest tuition among USG metro Atlanta institutions where students can earn their bachelor's degree. THE USG FAMILY The University System of Georgia is comprised of Georgia's public colleges and universities, Georgia Archives and the Georgia Public Library Service. LATEST SYSTEM NEWS READ MORE NEWS LATEST FROM OUR COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES USG to extend test optional admissions for Academic Year 2023-2024 The University System of Georgia (USG) will continue to temporarily waive test score requirements for admission for Academic Year 2023-2024 at 24 of the 26 USG institutions. Campus Spotlight features news across the system A roundup of impactful stories from University System of Georgia's institutions. Updates and timeline for post-tenure review process The Board of Regents has updated its policy on Annual, Tenure and Post-Tenure Review. Find out more about next steps and FAQs. LATEST FROM THE NEWSROOM Dr. Gregory M. Tanner Named Interim President of South Georgia State College University System of Georgia Chancellor Sonny Perdue has named Dr. Gregory M. Tanner interim president of South Georgia State College, effective Feb. 1, 2023. University System of Georgia Announces New Presidents at Clayton State University and Atlanta Metropolitan State College The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia has named Dr. Georj Lewis president of Clayton State University and Dr. Ingrid Thompson-Sellers president of Atlanta Metropolitan State College , effective Feb. 1, 2023. University of North Georgia Presidential Search Committee Named The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia has named members of the University of North Georgia Presidential Search Committee, which will conduct a national search to replace President Bonita Jacobs. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×