Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Black Student Experience Task Force Black Student Experience Task Force Co-chaired by Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion's Vice President Archie Ervin and the Division of Student Life Vice President and Dean of Students John Stein, the Black Student Experience Task Force presented its 11 recommendations to President G.P. “Bud” Peterson in late spring 2016. All recommendations were approved and implemented over the following three academic years. These recommendations are grouped into four categories: programs; trainings; physical spaces; and planning and assessment. The 11 recommendations can be summarized as follows (not ranked by priority): Programs 1. Challenge – Expand OMED’s Challenge enrollment from 75 to 175 underrepresented minority and women students per program over the next three years. Challenge helps prepare incoming freshmen for a successful college career, both academically and socially, during a five-week intensive summer program. 2. FASET – Orient all new students and their parents, families, and guests to issues of diversity and inclusion and share campus resources that support Georgia Tech’s commitment to diversity. At least one new session at FASET will highlight the successes of underrepresented students, faculty, and staff at the Institute. 3. Intercultural Student Programs – Create and support collaborative intercultural student programs that foster interactions and learning among diverse student communities at Georgia Tech. 4. Reporting System – Create a data infrastructure or submission tool that allows students to submit information detailing any experienced discrimination on campus. Submissions would remain anonymous. Trainings 5. Community Orientation and Training – Launch online and in-service training for faculty and staff that addresses issues of gender and ethnic diversity, equity, and inclusion within the student experience. Following this training, faculty and staff will serve as ambassadors for an equitable and inclusive Georgia Tech. 6. Cultural Inclusivity Leadership Training – Expand and modify leadership training for leaders of student organizations to include modules on cultural inclusivity and managing student diversity. Incorporate these modules into GT 1000 classes and other opportunities. 7. Greek Education – Create a subcommittee of fraternity and sorority members who will plan programming on issues of race, gender, sexual orientation, and sexual assault for members of Greek Life. This subcommittee will also be tasked with evaluating the current state of Greek Life at Georgia Tech. Physical Spaces 8. Multicultural Center – Create spaces where all students feel welcome on campus, in support of students’ overall adjustment and well-being. Planning and Assessment 9. Strategic Plan – Examine how student diversity is operationalized through Georgia Tech’s Strategic Plan. Prioritize and fund proposals that enhance diversity, equity, and inclusion experiences for students. 10. Campus Climate Assessment – Conduct a broad-based campus climate assessment by an independent entity to obtain a deeper understanding of the concerns and experiences of all students at Georgia Tech. 11. Institutional Climate Change and Growth – Establish a joint student advisory group to advise and recommend actions that enhance diversity and inclusion experiences among Tech students. An implementation team from Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion, Student Life, and Undergraduate Education met regularly to monitor progress on these recommendations. Additionally, the Student Intercultural Advisory Committee was established to offer guidance on diversity and inclusion and participate in these implementation meetings in the future. For any questions about the Black Student Experience Task Force and/or its recommendations, email institutediversity@gatech.edu. Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login