Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home A Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion A Strategic Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion In Fall 2020, the Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council was formed to identify, discuss, and understand challenges and opportunities in the practice of diversity, equity, and inclusion. The first goal of the Council was to guide the inclusive process that culminated in Georgia Tech’s DEI Strategic Plan. The process engaged a broad cross-section of leaders to create a 10-year blueprint including 22 actionable strategies with shared ownership and accountability within units across Georgia Tech. It outlines the steps we are taking to fortify the minds of current and future leaders with equanimity, courage, and resolve to lead with heart. It is a story where the spirit of inclusive leadership and innovation enables people of all backgrounds and stages of life to learn, grow, and contribute to responsible, equitable technological and human progress. Read the Letter from President Cabrera | Read the Letter from the Co-Chairs Learn more about Georgia Tech's 2020-2030 Strategic Plan View the PDF version of the DEI plan Celebrating Our Differences At Georgia Tech, we see diversity, equity, and inclusion as essential to learning, discovery, and creation. We believe that progress demands the voices and perspectives of many. We believe that everyone is capable of success if given the proper tools and opportunities. The strategic planning process afforded us the opportunity to reflect on what diversity means to us, and how those definitions are rooted in our core values as an institution. Learn more about our core principles and beliefs Areas of Impact Learn More Learn More Learn More Holding Ourselves Accountable Georgia Tech is committed to an annual process of monitoring and reporting our progress toward DEI plan completion. All goal and strategy owners will be responsible for informing the Institute what strategic actions they will take to further the goals and report on key metrics and performance indicators year-over-year. The Executive Leadership Team (ELT), in collaboration with IDEI and the GTDEIC, will review the outcomes. Areas needing more attention will be addressed and those where goals have been achieved will be celebrated or rewarded accordingly. To this end, year-one goals are focused on foundational activities that will best position the Institute for incremental success. It is a year of gaining agreements with strategy owners, identifying baselines for measuring progress, and investing resources through a new budget process to fund, incentivize, and reward people, initiatives, programs, and technologies to further our DEI goals. We will communicate, adopt, and fully integrate the DEI plan across the Institute. We will increase the diversity of our campus community by embedding DEI strategies into staff and faculty recruiting, student enrollment, and access practices. We will create spaces for cultural exchange and learning by students, faculty, and staff that enhance a sense of belonging by all members of the Georgia Tech community. We will address the psychological safety of the workforce through engagement that encourages learning innovation (climate assessment, ongoing leadership development, educational experiences, L.O.V.E. GT, etc.). Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login