skip to main content × Governance and Standards Accessibility Accessibility Tutorial Introduction Why Accessibility Benefits The Law Who Must Comply? Training Tools and Checkers Resources Accessibility Quiz × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Web Site Information University System of Georgia Governance and Standards Accessibility Accessibility Tutorial Introduction Why Accessibility Benefits The Law Who Must Comply? Training Tools and Checkers Resources Accessibility Quiz Accessibility Accessibility is a high priority issue for the Board of Regents (BoR) of the University System of Georgia (USG). By endorsing Web accessibility guidelines established by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), USG enables full access to institutional information, programs and activities offered through the Web. To this end: The Advanced Learning Technologies group* developed background information on the Americans with Disabilities Act and higher education institutions’ responsibilities for providing accessible websites and learning environments. The BoR has established a Web Accessibility and Persons with Disabilities resource**, a comprehensive site detailing accessibility guidelines and tools for all USG institutions. Since June 2001, every effort has been made to design and develop Web pages that comply with or exceed the W3C’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). In addition, USG has been actively revising Web pages created before June 2001 to meet W3C accessibility standards. The USG Web Services division will conduct regular monthly web accessibility checks at www.usg.edu on the home page, all main secondary pages, and a spot check of lower level pages. The WebAIM Web Accessibility Evaluation Tool (WAVE) (https://wave.webaim.org), or other similar resource will be used to perform the inspection. Any accessibility errors detected will be addressed as quickly as possible. If you should encounter an accessibility issue on our web site, please send us a message via the Contact Us web form. *The Advanced Learning Technologies group is no longer active. **This resource was initially hosted at the University of Georgia. University System of Georgia Web Accessibility Guidelines WCAG are prioritized on a scale from 1 to 3, with Priority 1 being a set of guidelines (or checkpoints) that must be satisfied or “one or more groups will find it impossible to access information in the document.” Paragraphs (a) through (k) correspond to WCAG Priority 1 guidelines; paragraphs (l) through (p) are additions that, when used in conjunction with the WCAG guides, meet accessibility standards detailed in Section 508 Subsection 1194.22 of the Rehabilitation Act. (a) A text equivalent for every non-text element shall be provided (e.g., via “alt”, “longdesc”, or in element content). (b) Equivalent alternatives for any multimedia presentation shall be synchronized with the presentation. (c) Web pages shall be designed so that all information conveyed with color is also available without color, for example from context or markup. (d) Documents shall be organized so they are readable without requiring an associated style sheet. (e) Redundant text links shall be provided for each active region of a server-side image map. (f) Client-side image maps shall be provided instead of server-side image maps except where the regions cannot be defined with an available geometric shape. (g) Row and column headers shall be identified for data tables. (h) Markup shall be used to associate data cells and header cells for data tables that have two or more logical levels of row or column headers. (i) Frames shall be titled with text that facilitates frame identification and navigation. (j) Pages shall be designed to avoid causing the screen to flicker with a frequency greater than 2 Hz and lower than 55 Hz. (k) A text-only page, with equivalent information or functionality, shall be provided to make a web site comply with the provisions of this part, when compliance cannot be accomplished in any other way. The content of the text-only page shall be updated whenever the primary page changes. (l) When pages utilize scripting languages to display content, or to create interface elements, the information provided by the script shall be identified with functional text that can be read by assistive technology. (m) When a web page requires that an applet, plug-in or other application be present on the client system to interpret page content, the page must provide a link to a plug-in or applet that complies with Section 1194.21(a) through (l). (n) When electronic forms are designed to be completed on-line, the form shall allow people using assistive technology to access the information, field elements, and functionality required for completion and submission of the form, including all directions and cues. (o) A method shall be provided that permits users to skip repetitive navigation links. (p) When a timed response is required, the user shall be alerted and given sufficient time to indicate more time is required. Web Accessibility Resources Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) - A set of guidelines explaining how to make Web content accessible to those with disabilities. W3C Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) - WAI, in coordination with organizations around the world, pursues accessibility of the Web through five primary areas of work: technology, guidelines, tools, education and outreach, and research and development. Section 508 Home Page - Section 508 requires that Federal agencies’ electronic and information technology is accessible to people with disabilities, including employees and members of the public. Web Accessibility and Persons with Disabilities - A comprehensive site detailing accessibility guidelines and tools maintained for University System of Georgia institutions. AccessGA - Georgia’s Accessible ICT Initiative CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×