Skip to website content toggle menu Home Degrees and Programs Institutions Other Resources University System of Georgia USG eCore USG eMajor USG Learning Everywhere GA Futures GA Transfer Success is Just a Search Away. Explore online degrees and certificates from across the University System of Georgia. A University System of Georgia Service. From the port of Savannah to the Blue Ridge Mountains. The University System of Georgia (USG) is dedicated to making high-quality higher education accessible from every corner of the peach state. Whether you are starting school for the first time, looking for a career change, or need to finish a degree you started years ago, Georgia On My Line (GOML) is your go-to resource for accredited and respected online programs from University System of Georgia institutions. Prepare yourself for these high-demand careers in Georgia. eDegrees New all-inclusive online degrees for just $299/credit hour are here! View Programs Shape the future of nursing and make an impact on patients View Programs 6 of the 10 largest US payment processing firms are Georgia-based View Programs The University System of Georgia at your Fingertips The newly designed Georgia On My Line website offers a truly user-friendly marketplace shopping experience for users. Search our database by college, area of study, degree level, and more. Narrow your results further by special features such as Credit for Prior Learning opportunities or specialized program accreditations. Find something you like? Request information to be contacted by our GOML support team or click Apply Now to go straight to the application at that institution. If you can shop online, you can use this site to find the degree that’s right for you. Search Programs 26 Colleges and Universities Searching for an online degree can be a daunting task, and it can sometimes be difficult to decipher the legitimacy of an online program. The Georgia On My Line degree marketplace allows you to search hundreds of online degrees and certificates offered through regionally accredited USG institutions you know and trust. You can have peace of mind knowing every institution on our site is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges (SACSCOC) and is well respected throughout Georgia, the Southeast, and the world. View Institutions Hundreds of Online Programs The GOML degree marketplace includes over 100+ online programs available throughout the University System of Georgia. From agriculture to cybersecurity, Georgia’s colleges and universities offer a wide variety of online curriculums to peak your interest and prepare you for today’s economic landscape. View All Programs back to top University System of Georgia 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, Georgia 30334 Site Degrees & Programs Institutions Other Resources USG (University System of Georgia) USG eCore USG eMajor GA Futures GA Transfer 2023 © Georgia ONmyLINE. All Rights Reserved. - Contact Web Team facebook pinterest twitter