Skip to content Skip to navigation Complete College Georgia The University System of Georgia Search form Search Main menu Home About CCG About us Completion by Partnerships Completion by Performance USG Mission Institutions USG Institutions Meetings All Meetings Momentum Summit VI 2022 Spring CoReq Academy Momentum Summit V MSV Panel Discussion Week MSV Planning Template 2021 USG Advising Academy Momentum Summit IV 2021 Spring Coreq Academy and GOSS Meeting 2020 USG Mindset Summit Momentum Summit III 2019 Advising Academy Momentum Summit II 2018 Advising Academy 2018 TIP Sheets 2018 Momentum Summit Beyond Financial Aid Reports Student Success Library Campus Plan Updates 2014 Updates 2015 Updates 2015 CCG Campus Plan Update report 2016 Updates 2017 Updates 2018 Updates 2019 Updates 2020 Updates Overview Strategy Survey 2021 Updates 2022 Updates Submit Your Update Resources Completion Toolkit Advising Beyond Financial Aid Transforming Remediation Fundamentals of Learning Support 15-to-Finish 15 to Finish Postcards 15 to Finish Video </li> Guided Pathways to Success Fundamental Features of Program Maps Math Pathways Data Science Statistics Pathway FAQs Participating Institutions Associate Degree You Deserve Associate Degree Benefits Gear Up Georgia Go Back, Move Ahead Shortening Time to Degree First Year Seminars Mindset Keep Learning USG! Keep Learning USG Getting Online Academic Mindset Videos Additional Student Success Tips Grants Grants overview 2015 STEM Innovation Grants 2016 Collaborative Capacity Grants Video Library Momentum Video Library Momentum Summit IV Corequisite Academy Videos Adult Learning Consortium Videos MOOCS and Beyond Summit 2012 Summit 2013 Momentum The Momentum Approach Momentum Year Momentum Summit What is a Momentum Year? Momentum Year Resources Focus Areas Overview Focus Areas Webinar What are Academic Mindsets? Complete College Georgia Carousel Start Momentum Summit VI Details and registration for the virtual sessions available. Details here Gordon State College Georgia Degrees Pay Website A powerful new data tool putting affordability and transparency at your fingertips. Learn More Momentum Summit V Details and registration for the virtual sessions available. Details here Photo: Jeff Ferzoco (flickr) CCG/Momentum Plan Updates 2021 Campus Plan Updates for 2021 available online! Read More Photo: Georgia State University Momentum Summit IV Session recordings and presentations now available. Details here Photo: Georgia Highlands College ‹Previous Slide ›Next Slide Carousel End Georgia's Future... The Georgia of the future is a state where a majority of the available jobs are out of reach to a majority of its people. New employers and new job creation are lost to other parts of the world. Existing employers begin to question the benefit of staying with a workforce that falls near the bottom of states inside a nation that lags behind most other developed countries in terms of education. This future is not distant, but eight years near. By 2025, it is projected that over 60 percent of jobs in Georgia will require some form of a college education, whether a certificate, associate’s degree, or bachelor’s degree. Today, only 47.9 percent of the state’s young adults, its burgeoning workforce, qualify. Georgia’s level of higher education attainment is not expected to notably increase in this time period. Under the direction of the Complete College Georgia initiative, the University System of Georgia and the Technical College System of Georgia address this critical need in Georgia’s Higher Education Completion Plan. The two Systems emphasize the consequences of inaction, identify what must be done, and outline a collaborative process to guide the work of their respective institutions of higher education to rapidly increase the proportion of young adults with a certificate or degree, while maintaining a commitment to quality. Recent Posts Momentum Summit VI January 3, 2023 Institutions across the University System of Georgia collect every year to share experiences, learn new strategies, and plan their work for student Momentum for the year ahead. The Momentum Summit V is an opportunity to review and refine the work... The Momentum Approach September 2, 2022 Momentum provides a framework for understanding how institutions can maintain student progress toward a degree. A key component of the Momentum Approach was the intentional engagement of the whole campus community in support of student success,... Mindset Learning Project July 19, 2022 The University System of Georgia and eCore are partnering with your institution to better understand what motivates students and helps them be successful. Over the course of the semester, students will be asked to complete four activities. 2022 Momentum-CCG Campus Plan Updates Overview July 15, 2022 The CCG Campus Plan Updates are intended to be an opportunity for your institution to reflect on your past work and plan for next steps. Updates are living documents rooted in your institutional mission and student... 2022 Spring USG CoReq Academy Tentative Agenda March 31, 2022 April 8, 10 am – 3 pm (lunch 11:45 am – 12:30 pm) Highlights CCG/Momentum Plan Campus Updates 2021 Each year, Institutions across the University System of Georgia report on their progress toward meeting the governor's college attainment goals for the state. The 2020-2021 academic year was unlike any other. read more... CCG Campus Plans 2020 Updates The CCG Campus Plan Updates are intended to be an opportunity for your institution to reflect on your past work and plan for next steps. Updates are living documents rooted in your institutional mission and student body profile and reflecting the work that will get closest to your goals for improved student success. It is our intention for updates to be a part of a campus planning process that helps to identify success and challenges and communicates these to peers at institutions across the University System read more... USG Nexus Degree in the Chronicle of Higher Education The Chronicle of Higher Education profiled the Nexus degree, a new credential from the University System of Georgia. The nexus degree emphasizes the connections between industry, skilled knowledge and hands-on experience in high-demand career fields such as cybersecurity and financial technology. This new, short-term college credential expands on an educational portfolio that already includes associate, bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degrees read more... Featured Video More CCG Videos Complete College Georgia is a program of the University System of Georgia » 270 Washington Street, S.W. | Atlanta, GA 30334 USG Institutions Policies & Reports DIVISIONS Academic Affairs Administration Economic Development Internal Audit Strategy & Fiscal Affairs ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Newsroom Open Records Requests Location INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members © 2021 Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia