VETERAN TO NURSE EDUCATOR FELLOWSHIP VNEF Menu Overview Program Participating Institutions Interest Form and Contact Information VETERAN TO NURSE EDUCATOR FELLOWSHIP OVERVIEW The University System of Georgia (USG) recognizes the pressing need to recruit and retain strong nursing faculty to teach the next generation of nurses. The uniformed services are excellent sources of highly educated and flexible nurses with advanced degrees. Many experienced nurses are separating from active duty in the uniformed services through retirement, reduction in force, or otherwise and seeking a civilian career. Teaching nursing in the USG is a viable career move for nurse Veterans, many of whom hold a Master of Science in Nursing, advanced practice certification, and/or a doctoral degree. While they have been teaching throughout their careers, they may lack exposure and experience in civilian academic settings, institution-specific technology, and pedagogical knowledge and skills. Deans and Directors of the University System of Georgia Nursing Programs are promoting the state of Georgia as a “Preferred Destination for Nurse Veterans” via a Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship (VNEF). The program is designed to recruit nurses separating from the uniformed services into any USG nursing faculty vacancies throughout the state. Applicants will be informed of and referred to USG nursing programs needing faculty members. For more information regarding the application process, please contact the VNEF Program Coordinator at 404-413-1676 or vnef@gsu.edu PROGRAM The USG is implementing a Veteran Nurse to Educator Fellowship (VNEF) program that any USG nursing program can access to help in the transitioning of new faculty member recruited from any of the uniformed services (PHS, Army, Navy, and Air Force). These individuals will be referred to as fellows and will receive extra support in the form of additional training and individualized mentoring during their first year of teaching. Nurses preparing to leave uniformed service will be recruited to Georgia to teach nursing in one of the USG schools that has a current faculty vacancy that matches that individual’s credentials and interest. He/she may be recruited through the VNEF marketing process, which will then assist in linking the individual to the institution corresponding to his/her interests, or the individual will be referred to the VNEF by the recruiting institution upon learning that he/she is leaving uniformed service. The faculty candidate will proceed through the institution’s usual hiring process. Once hired, the individual will become a VNEF fellow. The VNEF summer intensive will consist of two online courses: Instructional competency - focused on lecture, online teaching, clinical supervision, simulated learning supervision, and course coordination. Student learning outcomes—focused on measurement and evaluation, including test item writing, psychometrics, and test administration competencies After these two courses, the VNEF fellows will maintain contact online as a cohort and will interact with local expert faculty mentors to support their learning throughout the first year. VNEF fellows will be invited to all USG faculty development programs. VNEF participants will simultaneously be teaching in a USG department or school of nursing during this year long fellowship and will have agreed to teach at minimum one academic year as their commitment to the fellowship. Proposed Package for Veteran Nurse to Educator Fellowship The VNEF program will reimburse the employing institution for half of the summer salary and the local institution will pay the other half salary for the fellow. The VNEF summer intensive will include participation in both VNEF courses and other employing institution summer orientations deemed useful in preparation of the VNEF fellow for a teaching role. Also, VNEF will pay all tuition and fees for two courses for each VNEF fellow. The employing institution will pay the VNEF fellow’s full salary for the academic year following the summer intensive. Additional benefits to fellows following their first year of employment in the USG system may include: Doctoral education through the STEPS Initiative after six months employment, with payback of two years after degree completion, and Post grad specialty certificate in area needed by hiring school, with payback of one year to employing institution after program completion. PARTICIPATING INSTITUTIONS USG Institutions with Nursing Programs: Armstrong State University Savannah, GA Clayton State University Morrow, GA College of Coastal Georgia Brunswick, GA Columbus State University Columbus, GA Darton State College Albany, GA Georgia College and State University Milledgeville,, GA Georgia Perimeter College Decatur, GA Georgia Regents University Augusta, GA Georgia Gwinnett College Lawrenceville, GA Georgia Highlands College Dallas, GA Georgia Southern University Statesboro, GA Georgia Southwestern State University Americus, GA Georgia State University Atlanta, GA Gordon State College Barnesville, GA Kennesaw State University Kennesaw, GA Middle Georgia State College Warner Robins, GA South Georgia State College Douglas, GA University of North Georgia Cumming, GA; Dahlonega, GA; Oakwood, GA; Watkinsville, GA University of West Georgia Carrollton, GA Valdosta State University Valdosta, GA Interest Form Personal Information Title First Name Last Name Suffix Email Phone: ###-###-#### I. Your Nursing Background Please provide your rank and how many years you have been in the armed forces or Public Health Service. What nursing education programs have you completed throughout your career? (e.g. ADN, BSN, MSN etc.) Please indicate if they were in-person, hybrid or online programs. Do you have experience with online education? (As a student and/or an educator?) Yes No In what areas of nursing have you practiced during your career? (Please include areas where you have practiced for at least a year.) In which area(s) do you feel most expert? What kind of experience do you have teaching others (e.g. precepting, unit education activities, etc.) and in which areas of practice? II. Your Needs and Teaching Interests Please briefly describe why you are interested in teaching in a university environment. There are 24 different campuses in the University System of Georgia with nursing education programs ranging from ADN to DNP and PhD. Please indicate if there is a specific geographical area that you would prefer (even a specific campus) Please indicate if there is a specific program in which you would prefer to teach (e.g. ADN, BSN, MSN, etc.) Please indicate if there is a type of campus you would prefer (e.g. small or large, urban or rural, etc.) Please let us know if you have any questions about how to address your particular needs / situation to enable you to participate in this program. Submit Contact Us For more information regarding the application process, please contact: VNEF Program Coordinator Georgia Regents University 404-413-1676 vnef@gsu.edu Lead Universities Armstrong State University Columbus State University Georgia Regents University Georgia State University University System of Georgia © Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved. Thank you for your interest. You will be contacted shortly with more information. ×