UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Menu USG WELL-BEING A system-wide well-being initiative Home Chancellor's Letter Events Well-being Liaisons Tobacco & Smoke Free The Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia is committed to providing a healthy environment on campuses. We recognize the serious health implications of both the direct use of tobacco products and indirect exposure to the use of tobacco products and our responsibility to promote the health and well-being of our students, faculty, staff, and visitors. In March 2014, the Board of Regents adopted to make USG 100% tobacco and smoke-free effective October 1, 2014. Tobacco and smoke-free campus policy "Tobacco Products" are defined as cigarettes, cigars, pipes, all forms of smokeless tobacco, clove cigarettes and any other smoking devices that use tobacco, such as hookahs, or simulate the use of tobacco, such as electronic cigarettes. The USG hopes you enjoy the healthier environment we’re creating for you and visitors to our campuses and facilities. If you have more questions, please contact us at USG-TobaccoFree@usg.edu Tobacco & Smoke Free Quitting or not using tobacco is one of the healthiest decisions you can make. About A system wide culture and environment of well-being. Create a comprehensive approach to achieving well-being that engages and empowers the entire USG community. Resources Topics Health Management Financial Well-being Stress Management Success Stories Tobacco & Smoke Free Trending Sign Up for Nourish TODAY! Better Together. Better Than Ever! Biometric Screening 2022 USG Wellbeing Success Story: Charmain Alston 2022 USG Wellbeing Success Story: Getting Active, Eating Healthy USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Parterships & Accreditation Academic Programs Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Business Development Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Faculty Development Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Government Relations Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit and Compliance International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Newsroom PeachNet Policies and Reports Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Staff Council Student Affairs Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Visual Identity Standards Well-being × © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved.