× Home Introduction Strategic Plan Development 2024 Goals Student Success Responsible Stewardship Economic Competitiveness Community Impact Conclusion Strategic Plan 2024 Appendix Past Strategic Plans 2013-2018 Strategic Plan × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Strategic Plan 2024 Setting a Course for the 21st Century Home Introduction Strategic Plan Development 2024 Goals Student Success Responsible Stewardship Economic Competitiveness Community Impact Conclusion Strategic Plan 2024 Appendix Past Strategic Plans 2013-2018 Strategic Plan The University System of Georgia will excel in meeting the needs of our state and economy through universities and colleges that: provide an affordable, accessible and high-quality education; promote lifelong success of students; and create, disseminate and apply knowledge for the advancement of our state, nation and world. 2024 Vision Statement Across the nation and world, there is no time in history when it has been so essential to acquire knowledge and possess flexible skills to participate successfully in the workforce. That in itself makes the University System of Georgia’s mission critical to our state’s economic future. Our mission is knowledge: To create it through research, transfer it through teaching and apply it through service. Most importantly, our overall purpose is to raise attainment levels for communities across Georgia. Long gone are the days when public higher education can just focus on enrolling more students. USG must graduate more students while maintaining the system’s commitment to academic excellence. And we must do so knowing the environment in which we work is changing more rapidly than ever. In the next 10 years, two-thirds of jobs will require some education beyond high school. Presently, only 47 percent of Georgia’s workforce meets that requirement. Research shows 99 percent of jobs post-Great Recession went to workers with a post-secondary education — 70 percent to workers with at least a bachelor’s degree. The economy relentlessly rewards education. As the growth of good, high-paying jobs outpaces the growth of middle- and low-paying jobs, it is imperative there are enough college graduates to fill these positions. Yet with the opportunities this provides, we will need also to navigate challenges that threaten to blunt our impact. Georgia and the nation are experiencing declining birth rates that will impact us in upcoming years – as it has in some states already. Some of Georgia’s counties, particularly those in rural areas, are already experiencing population declines among young people who traditionally are thought of as college-aged. At the same time, we are experiencing a shift in demographics that have challenged our campuses to do better among those students we have traditionally served poorly, including those who are the first in their families to attend college. USG faces these changes as the nation’s universities and colleges, including ours, have seen a shift in funding support that more directly relies on students and families. And this is happening as national polls show the public has doubts about whether a degree is worth it at the very time a degree is needed more than ever. We believe we are a good deal for Georgia. Yet we recognize it is up to us to prove our worth. Thus, we have Strategic Plan 2024. Student success, responsible stewardship, economic competitiveness and community impact – these are the overarching four goals that will guide our strategy for the next four years and beyond. They represent not a catalog of everything we do, but most directly what we need and have to do to drive Georgia forward. Strategic Plan 2024 Goals The plan goals are strategic emphases focused on meeting the most critical needs of Georgia. Accomplishing these goals will require the commitment and hard work of faculty, staff and administration at all USG institutions working together as one system to better serve our students and the state of Georgia. Student Success We will increase degree completion through high quality and lifelong academic options, focused learning and elimination of barriers to access and success for all Georgians. Responsible Stewardship We will ensure affordability for students by containing costs and optimizing efficiency across the system. Economic Competitiveness We will advance Georgia through investing in world-class research and equipping students with marketable skills, knowledge and experience. Community Impact We will work with our communities to improve quality of life. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility Compliance & Ethics Reporting ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Faculty Development Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being × This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy at https://www.usg.edu/siteinfo/web_privacy_policy. Questions, please email gdpr@usg.edu. OK