Skip to content Skip to navigation Complete College Georgia The University System of Georgia Search form Search Main menu Home About CCG About us Completion by Partnerships Completion by Performance USG Mission Institutions USG Institutions Meetings All Meetings Momentum Summit VI 2022 Spring CoReq Academy Momentum Summit V MSV Panel Discussion Week MSV Planning Template 2021 USG Advising Academy Momentum Summit IV 2021 Spring Coreq Academy and GOSS Meeting 2020 USG Mindset Summit Momentum Summit III 2019 Advising Academy Momentum Summit II 2018 Advising Academy 2018 TIP Sheets 2018 Momentum Summit Beyond Financial Aid Reports Student Success Library Campus Plan Updates 2014 Updates 2015 Updates 2015 CCG Campus Plan Update report 2016 Updates 2017 Updates 2018 Updates 2019 Updates 2020 Updates Overview Strategy Survey 2021 Updates 2022 Updates Submit Your Update Resources Completion Toolkit Advising Beyond Financial Aid Transforming Remediation Fundamentals of Learning Support 15-to-Finish 15 to Finish Postcards 15 to Finish Video Guided Pathways to Success Fundamental Features of Program Maps Math Pathways Data Science Statistics Pathway FAQs Participating Institutions Associate Degree You Deserve Associate Degree Benefits Gear Up Georgia Go Back, Move Ahead Shortening Time to Degree First Year Seminars Mindset Keep Learning USG! Keep Learning USG Getting Online Academic Mindset Videos Additional Student Success Tips Grants Grants overview 2015 STEM Innovation Grants 2016 Collaborative Capacity Grants Video Library Momentum Video Library Momentum Summit IV Corequisite Academy Videos Adult Learning Consortium Videos MOOCS and Beyond Summit 2012 Summit 2013 Momentum The Momentum Approach Momentum Year Momentum Summit What is a Momentum Year? Momentum Year Resources Focus Areas Overview Focus Areas Webinar What are Academic Mindsets? Momentum Menu The Momentum Approach The Momemtum Year What is a Momentum Year Momentum Year Resources Focus Areas Overview Momentum Summit II (requires login) Momentum Summit III Momentum Summit IV Momentum Summit V What is a Momentum Year? Momentum Year Overview (print version) Momentum Year is a suite of strategies designed to help University System of Georgia students in their crucial first year of college. We work with students to guide them on a path to achieve their educational goals, including successful degree completion and on-time graduation. We know that: Predictive analytics and proactive advising help keep struggling students on track toward graduation, saving students money in the long term. Changes in remedial education that include intensive tutoring in conjunction with courses being taken for credit have led to big jumps in student success rates. First-year students who take at least three courses connected to what they think they want to study are 40 percent more likely to graduate than students who do not. Taking 15 hours a semester improves student success as well as shortening the time to graduation. Evidence-based research confirms that college students are most successful when they: start out their college careers by making a purposeful choice in a focus area or program, enter with a productive academic mindset, follow clearly sequenced program maps that include: core English and math nine credits in the student’s academic focus area and 30 credits in their first year. Put together, these three elements create a Momentum Year for students—a starting point that helps students find their path, get on that path and build velocity in the direction of their goals. There is considerable logic in this. By helping students make a purposeful choice about what they wish to study, institutions help narrow the thousands of course options to a manageable level and align the work a student undertakes in college with their goals, interests and expectations. Such an approach does not preclude student exploration. Indeed, for many students, the process of discerning the program path will be one of exploration. And for students who are undecided, institutions can assist them in understanding how their interests, goals and dreams intersect with programs of study and future careers. Academic Focus Areas Supporting this work are academic focus areas—sometimes referred to as meta-majors—that group programs together so that students groping with uncertainty can pursue coursework from the start that contributes to college completion and also provides exposure to potential majors, helping them refine their post-secondary path. Courses a student pursues in their first year in an academic focus area should count across all programs under the focus area umbrella and offer an informative exposure to the subject field. These courses should be broadly applicable across a wide range of majors within the area, helping students avoid unnecessary credits as they narrow their program choice. Program maps help structure the choices students must make to reach their academic and personal goals in college, graduating on time and without wasted credits. These maps sequence courses for students by semester, eliminate uncertainty about what courses students should take and when, identify prerequisite and corequisite courses, and highlight key academic and non-academic milestones students should satisfy along the way. In the first year, program maps should include: the completion of core English and the aligned mathematics course (including any required learning support courses), nine credit hours (three courses) in a student’s selected major or academic focus area, and at least 30 credit hours. While the Momentum Year addresses the challenges of students making the transition to college, the benefits persist, with students accruing more credits across all student subgroups and preparation levels and demonstrating greater persistence to graduation.1 Taking a Fuller Schedule Research using propensity score matching to assess the success of essentially identical students in the University System of Georgia distinguished only whether they took a first-term momentum course load (15+ credits) underscores the importance of increased credits in the first term and year. Students with this momentum course load in their first term are 6.2 percentage points more likely to graduate within six years compared to statistically similar students taking 12-14 credits in their first term. If these students maintain this course load for the first full year (attempting 30 or more credits), they are 12 percentage points more likely to graduate within six years compared to those who attempt 24-29 credits. Likewise, first-term momentum students earn 7.5 more credit hours on average than non-momentum students, while first-year momentum students earn 15 more credit hours on average. Students who attempted a 15+ credit course load in both the fall and spring terms earned 95 percent of their attempted hours in the first term, earned an average of 97.3 credit hours in six years, and had a six-year graduation rate of 68.0 percent. However, it seems to be more important for students to end the first year with momentum rather than simply begin the year with momentum. Students who took 12-14 hours in the fall and at least 15 in the spring (increasing momentum) earned 96 percent of the hours attempted in their first term, earned on average 91.9 credit hours within six years, and 63.7 percent students graduated in six years. Students with a 15+ credit course load in the fall but a 12-14 credit course load in the spring (decreasing momentum) earned only 88 percent of their first-term attempted hours, earned an average of 84.4 hours in six years, and 55.4 percent graduated in six years. Credits attempted Additional Credits Earned after 6 Years* Increased Likelihood of Graduation in 6 years (percentage points)* 15+ credits in first term 7.5 6.2 30+ credits in the first year 15 12.0 *compared to students attempting 12-14 credits in their first term and 24-29 credits in their first year. Outcomes by First Term and First Year Course Load Non-Momentum Momentum at some point in year 1 Full Momentum 12-14 Credits fall; <30 credits first year Decreasing Momentum: (15+ credits fall; <30 credits first year) Increasing Momentum (12-14 credits fall; 30+ credits first year) 15+ credits fall; 30+ credits first year Average Hours attempted in term 1 12.8 15.4 13.2 17.3 Average Hours earned in term 1 11.4 13.0 12.7 16.1 % grad in 6 yrs 50.0% 50.6% 66.4% 67.9% Average Hours earned in term 18 (6 yrs) 73.3 75.0 93.1 95.1 Note: Only students enrolled for a full first academic year are included (fall and spring, or fall, spring, and summer); includes data for all institutions. These findings replicate and extend those of the Community College Research Center for Tennessee (Belfield, Jenkins, Lahr, 2016), in which university students who took at least 30 credits in their first year earned 27 additional credits and were 19 percentage points more likely to graduate than their peers who did not. Academic Mindset Finally, supporting students in college to reach their full potential demands promotion of a growth mindset around academics, supporting students’ resilience in the face of setbacks. A mounting body of evidence supports the benefits of small interventions that encourage students to view intelligence as malleable, helping them build resilience in the face of setbacks and avoid becoming demotivated and disengaged with their academic pursuits.2 Based Nigel Holmes illustration of research by Carol Dweck; brain created by Harryarts - Freepik.com 1 Clive Belfield, Davis Jenkins and Hana Lahr, Momentum: The Academic and Economic Value of a 15-Credit First Semester Course Load for College Students in Tennessee, Community College Research Center, Teachers College, Columbia University, New York, June 2016.↩ 2 Yeager, D. S., & Dweck, C. S. (2012). Mindsets that promote resilience: When students believe that personal characteristics can be developed. Educational Psychologist, 47, 302–314.↩ Complete College Georgia is a program of the University System of Georgia » 270 Washington Street, S.W. | Atlanta, GA 30334 USG Institutions Policies & Reports DIVISIONS Academic Affairs Administration Economic Development Internal Audit Strategy & Fiscal Affairs ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Newsroom Open Records Requests Location INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members © 2021 Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia