Skip to content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Impact Community Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Home About Us Meet our Faculty and Staff Impact Fall Courses Impact Spring Courses All About Impact Application Process Expectations FASET Info Impact Webinar Details The Impact Community Hefner-Armstrong Halls Impact Events The Impact Project Impact Community Mentors FAQs Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Impact Community Welcome to the Impact Community! UPDATE Due to staffing changes, the Impact Living-Learning Community will not be available in Fall 2022. We look forward to bringing in a new cohort of students in Fall 2023. Impact Living-Learning Community (LLC) is an initiative open to all first-year students and majors who are interested in exploring issues of diversity, social good, and sustainability. As the most diverse living-learning community on-campus, we identify as a safe space and environment where students can be their authentic selves. Through fun field trips/outings and more, Impact puts students directly in the Atlanta community, rich with opportunities for engagement. Focusing on partnerships and professional development also sets our program apart. Impact Financial Support If you are interested in Impact but need financial support or would like us to help you during the semester, don't hesitate to apply and just let us know. We will definitely be able to provide you with specific resources and help with your LLC fee! Community Engagement Impact includes living-learning community events focusing on community building, engagement, leadership, & mentoring opportunities. Click the image to view photos from some of our Impact events! Impact & Service The Impact experience includes local service and field trips around Atlanta and GA, Serve-Learn-Sustain activities, and civic leadership opportunities! Click the image to view some of our service components in more detail! Impact Courses Each student living in Impact will take a Fall GT1000 course section designed for Impact LLC (you will take a different course in the Spring focused on your Impact Project). Click the image for more course information! Instagram Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Links Instagram Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Employment Emergency Information Enable Accessibility Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © Georgia Institute of Technology Login