Skip to main content Center for the Study of Women, Science and Technology Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Main Menu About Overview History and Accomplishments Quick Facts WST Minor People Graduate Partners Learning Community Students WST Mentors Programs Learning Community Undergraduate Research Partnerships Profiles of Undergraduate Research Partners Initiatives Girls Excelling in Math and Science Stempower Women’s International Research Engineering Summit CDAC/WST Menstrual Product Program Resources News WST News Student Spotlights Events Current Events WST Upcoming Events Distinguished Lecture Past Events Calendar Contact Us Search Search Search Site Breadcrumb Home WST Learning Community The WST Learning Community offers programs addressing academic and professional issues for women students. Typically, it includes 48 students living in Stein and Goldin Houses (4th St. Apartments A and B), who connect with one another and faculty through monthly dinners, campus receptions, and research panels. All Georgia Tech students and WST mentors are welcome to attend WST Learning Community events. WST Learning Community residents may also be paired with a faculty/staff mentor (optional). WST also sponsors undergraduate research partnerships for WST Learning Community students. Requirements WST Learning Community residents are required to attend WST Learning Community orientation. In addition, each student must attend five WST or Learning Community events and/or meetings with a WST mentor each term. Each WST Learning Community member is expected to serve on a WST Learning Community committee. Application The 2023-24 WST Learning Community application is now open at this link: https://gatech.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eajy4fCiymXtOsu The deadline to apply is Friday, January 13, 2023. We will review applications on a rolling basis and notify students of acceptances to the 2023-24 WST Learning Community within a week of their applications. We will assign rooms in late January and send out room numbers in early February. Each WST Learning Community applicant should also complete the Housing application, which should open in early spring 2023. If you have questions or concerns, please email Dr. Carol Colatrella (carol.colatrella@lmc.gatech.edu). WST Learning Community Activities The WST Learning Community offers an active, engaged experience for its residents and other interested students, with programs, activities, and events that include: WST Learning Community Orientation: Held the first week of fall term. Monthly dinners: Held in Stein House, featuring guest speakers, and open to all Georgia Tech students and WST mentors. Past speakers have included faculty, administrators, professionals, and alumni who share their career interests and paths. Other popular topics have included career strategies, resume writing, interviewing, internships, study abroad, and graduate/professional schools. WST Center events: Approximately two to three per term, open to all faculty, staff, and students. Regular events include an annual fall reception, WST-focused research panels, and the WST Distinguished Lecture. WST Learning Community Mentors: Interested WST Learning Community students are paired with a faculty/staff mentor in a closely related discipline. WST CENTER PROGRAM: WST Undergraduate Student-Faculty Research Partnerships -- Faculty partnerships with undergraduate students in research on gender, science, and technology - providing hourly funding for undergraduate students. For information and applications: mary.fox@pubpolicy.gatech.edu Humanities elective course: Taught each fall semester by Dr. Colatrella. WST GRA office hours: Each WST graduate partner holds weekly office hours in the WST office in Stein. Initiatives/events coordinated by WST Learning Community hall director/RAs: These include hall meetings and periodic social hours, arts and crafts, yoga, and more. WST Learning Community Student Committees Each committee will select a chairperson to represent its views and decisions to the steering committee. Communications and Recruitment Committee (CRC) Responsibility: Invite WST Lrn current and prospective residents to participate in events and initiatives. Recruit new residents. Kitchen and Sustainability Committee (KSC) Responsibilities: Monitor kitchen practices. Communicate kitchen needs to WST co-director and to Hall Council. Study and Service Committee (SSC) Responsibilities: Develop and/or implement scientific and technical hands-on activities for after school Girls Excelling in Math and Science (GEMS) clubs, sponsored by WST on most Tuesdays, 4:15pm, Inman Middle School, Virginia Ave., Atlanta 30306. Plan additional service and study-related events. Working Women and Community Leaders Committee (WWC) Responsibility: Work with the WST co-director, graduate partners, and RAs to plan programs. Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation ©2022 Georgia Institute of Technology