Skip to content Toggle navigation Institute Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion About Vision and Mission Executive Leadership Team Support Staff Organizational Chart Georgia Tech's Plan for Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity Statements Institute Commitment to Diversity Vice President's Statement on Inclusive Excellence Understanding Diversity, Equity and Inclusion IDEI Programs ADVANCE Program African American Male Initiative (AAMI) Challenge Program Diversity & Inclusion Education and Training Diversity & Inclusion Fellows Program Edge Program Focus Program Impact Living-Learning Community Inclusive Leaders Academy Leading Women@Tech Women of Color Initiative (WOCI) WST Learning Community Institutional Initiatives Black Student Experience Task Force Gender Equity Initiatives Georgia Tech Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council SPAG Initiatives Policies Title IX Equal Opportunity and Non-Discrimination Sexual Harassment/Assault Recruitment and Hiring Contract and Grant Compliance Persons with Disabilities First Amendment and Freedom of Speech Facts & Figures GT Demographic & Informational Data Campus Climate Surveys News & Events News IDEI News Awards & Recognition Diversity Champion Awards Faces of Inclusive Excellence Events IDEI Events MLK Celebration Diversity Symposium Black History Month Lecture Contact Us Search Search form Enter your keywords You are here: GT Home Home Gender Equity Initiatives Gender Equity Initiatives Following the Office of the President’s listening sessions on gender equity in fall 2015, Georgia Tech identified 11 initiatives that will be implemented over the next two years. These initiatives are grouped into four impact areas: hiring, promotion, and tenure; professional and leadership development; leadership appointments; and recognition and increased visibility of the Institute’s commitment to gender equity. The 11 Gender Equity Initiatives can be summarized as follows (not ranked by priority): Impact Area 1: Hiring, Promotion, and Tenure 1. Implicit Bias Workshops – Offer Implicit Bias Workshops for senior staff search committees, faculty hiring committees, and faculty promotion and tenure committees. These workshops increase awareness of the impact of implicit bias and facilitate equitable decision-making across a range of processes. 2. Diversity Guidelines to Search Committees – Develop a search guidance framework with best practices and related policies for faculty and senior staff searches that are transparent and fair and yield the most qualified and diverse applicant pools. 3. Processes and Pathways to Advancement and Promotion – Review the performance management process for faculty to be aligned with career advancement, and develop a career track for staff that includes career maps and identifies core competencies. 4. Salary Equity Studies – Conduct gender equity surveys periodically for faculty and staff, and identify funding to meet salary inequity issues as appropriate. Impact Area 2: Professional and Leadership Development 5. Professional and Leadership Development Programs – Develop leadership coaching for women faculty and staff, such as the Leading Women @ Tech program, and encourage faculty to be involved in student organizations. 6. Family Friendly Programming and Policies – Revisit and strengthen the Family Friendly Task Force recommendations for faculty and staff, including dual hiring policies, parental leave, and others. Impact Area 3: Leadership Appointments 7. Inclusive and Open Processes for Appointments – Require guidelines in the identification of candidates for faculty leadership positions. Also require inclusive and open processes for appointments to faculty administrative, named faculty, and Regents’ Professor and Researcher positions. Impact Area 4: Recognition and Increased Visibility 8. Reporting System Awareness – Increase awareness of in-person and anonymous reporting channels for experiences of bias, including gender bias. 9. Success Story Promotion – Regularly promote the success stories and achievements of women through internal and external communication channels. 10. Event Promotion – Promote events on campus that feature and celebrate women, such as the Eighth Annual Diversity Symposium’s focus on gender equity. 11. Gender Equity Data – Analyze data on faculty attrition and compile reports that provide employee data and trends. Implementation of the Gender Equity Initiatives will be led by Institute Diversity, in partnership with the Office of Human Resources and Office of Faculty Affairs. For any questions on the Gender Equity Initiatives, email institutediversity@gatech.edu. Institute News Implementation Committee Provides Quarterly Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives (December 8, 2017) Implementation Committee Shares Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives (August 25, 2017) Committee Announces Implementation Updates on the 11 Gender Equity Initiatives (March 30, 2017) Georgia Tech to Implement 11 Gender Equity Initiatives Over the Next Two Years (August 25, 2016) Gender Equity Conversations Move to Phase of Action (May 5, 2016) Leadership Responds to Calls for Greater Gender Inclusiveness (February 9, 2016) President to Initiate Discussion Groups on Inclusiveness and Gender Equity at Tech (October 29, 2015) Important Links Gender Equity Memo from then-President Peterson Gender Equity Initiatives FAQ Gender Equity Initiatives Progress Report Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Resources Georgia Tech Resources Offices & Departments News Center Campus Calendar Special Events GreenBuzz Institute Communications Visitor Resources Campus Visits Directions to Campus Visitor Parking Information GTvisitor Wireless Network Information Georgia Tech Global Learning Center Georgia Tech Hotel & Conference Center Barnes & Noble at Georgia Tech Ferst Center for the Arts Robert C. Williams Paper Museum Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 Phone: 404-894-2000 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue, Atlanta, GA 30332 404.894.2000 Directory Emergency Information Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Accessibility Accountability Accreditation Employment © Georgia Institute of Technology Login