Menu HOME SCHOOLS ADMISSION CURRICULUM LEADERSHIP TESTIMONIALS CONTACT US Advance your career with the Georgia WebMBA. Ranked among the top online MBA programs in the country, our degree is designed for professionals who want to earn their MBA without the restrictions of set class times and locations. Seven University System of Georgia schools jointly offer the program, all accredited by AACSB International. AACSB Accredited Fully accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business, known internationally as the premier accreditation body for business schools. Accelerated Students complete the program in 5 consecutive semesters within a year and a half. Affordable At $22,170 tuition for the entire program, it is rated a ‘Best Buy’ by GetEducated.com ranking in the Top 40 for online MBA programs accredited by AACSB International. (Additional fees may apply.) Academic Calendar Application Deadline: July. 1, 2022 Orientation in Atl: Aug. 4-5, 2023 Courses Start: Aug. 9, 2023 Upcoming Cohort: Fall 2023 The Georgia WebMBA was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I was in the middle of my career and looking to take the next step, both in knowledge and career arc. The WebMBA was not only informational but also extremely applicable to what I was currently working on in my career. Completing the WebMBA program increased my use of essential skills to use in the business workplace. Victor Pierce PSKB Inc. National Account Manager, MBA - 2021 Earn an MBA degree through the Georgia WebMBA consortium of top-ranked business schools in Georgia. The Georgia WebMBA is highly ranked by students, alumni, and third-party publications, which include: Schools Augusta University Columbus State University Georgia College & State University Georgia Southern University Kennesaw State University University of West Georgia Valdosta State University Admission Program Costs Pre-MBA Foundation Modules GMAT Requirements Technical Requirements Curriculum Quick Facts Benefits Georgia WebMBA Courses Leadership Meet the Deans Course Leads Testimonials What Students Are Saying Contact Us FAQs