skip to main content × Governance and Standards Accessibility Accessibility Tutorial Introduction Why Accessibility Benefits The Law Who Must Comply? Training Tools and Checkers Resources Accessibility Quiz × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Close Menu Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK Web Site Information University System of Georgia Governance and Standards Accessibility Accessibility Tutorial Introduction Why Accessibility Benefits The Law Who Must Comply? Training Tools and Checkers Resources Accessibility Quiz Governance and Standards Web Standards Introduction As the scope of the University System of Georgia (USG) web presence broadens, it is necessary to have in place a framework to guide and accommodate the development and growth of the USG website. The USG website strives to be a dynamic, informative site that provides the visitor with reliable information and is easily navigable. To assist in accomplishing this goal, Communications and Governmental Affairs and Information & Web Services (IWS) provide the following guidelines for publishing your information on the USG website. The guidelines are listed to provide a general framework for publishing web pages on USG websites. They are not meant to be restrictive, but to encourage web content authors to be attentive to a website’s structure and content so that visitors to the USG website can quickly locate information. Publishing on the Web Web Content Management The USG website presents information to the USG community and the world at-large. The organization of the home page, the global navigation and the visual style provides consistency in look and feel for each area of the University System of Georgia website. USG Communications has content oversight of usg.edu. In order to administer a page or department or division site, an individual must have training using the USG web content management system (CMS), Expression Engine; be willing to maintain and update the page as needed; be approved by his or her supervisor; and notify USG Communications of the desired administrative change. USG Web Publishing Overview The USG home page introduces the navigational framework to quickly access the first three levels of the USG website. Specific areas of the USG home page are used to publish new information as needed. USG Communications administers the USG home page. All new content appearing on the USG home page must be vetted and posted by USG Communications. All pages must reflect a visual and organizational consistency respective to their level, location and purpose. The branding established on the homepage sets the standard for the look and feel used throughout the website. The USG Visual Identity Standards are applied to the overall branding of the USG website, and when appropriate, to unique domains hosted on USG web servers. The Visual Identity Standards can be found at http://www.usg.edu/visual_identity USG website refers to the University System of Georgia website as a whole, including department websites that are part of the governing agency of the University System. The USG homepage is the most visible location on the USG website and introduces site visitors to a navigational structure and visual design shared among the different levels throughout the site. Levels are defined as the following: The first-level is the USG homepage. The second-level is any main section linked from the homepage. Third-level sections are any other websites that comprise the USG website. The top-level pages should have content appropriate for the page and implement persistent navigation schema. Content should be reasonable in length. Longer documents should be placed as a lower level page or linked to as a document for downloading. Before any higher level web pages (the first three levels) are posted, they must first be reviewed by USG Communications to ensure the following: textual accuracy; adherence to USG Visual Identity Standards and ITS web coding standards; appropriate placement within the web structure. Before a lower level page is added or modified, content authors shall check spelling, grammar, and organization. All content should be proofed before publishing on the Web. Any time content is added or modified, it should be immediately checked to ensure that it displays properly, contains no broken links or grammatical mistakes, and conforms to USG standards as outlined here and in the Web Content Guidelines section of this document. Web Content Guidelines All new web content must be approved by USG Communications before being placed on the USG website. Remember, your content will be accessible to anyone on the Internet. Your content represents not only you and your division, but also the entire Board of Regents and USG and should be professional and consistent with the rest of the USG website. The Web audience is literally worldwide; be careful to ensure that posting the information on the USG website will not violate any copyrights, restrictions, or agreements. For example, do not post information that would violate a non-disclosure agreement. No “under construction” web pages are allowed. Every page should contain useful information before being published on a website. Links to commercial entities are not allowed. It is the general policy of the USG to avoid linking to commercial websites and thereby making implicit endorsements; however, links to companies that provide goods or services specifically of interest to the USG, ITS, and USG institutions are not prohibited. No copyrighted material in any form can be used unless permission from the original copyright owner is explicitly granted. See the USG Copyright Policy website for more information. No information pertaining to other individuals who object to the information being placed on the Web is allowed. No material that might be reasonably considered abusive, profane, harassing, or sexually offensive is allowed. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Legal Affairs Leadership and Institutional Development Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Teaching & Learning Excellence Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being ×