× Home General Information Academic Affairs - Approvals and Notifications Training Links Nexus Degree Contact Us × SITES A-Z About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram GIVE Sub Menu Sub Menu University System of Georgia UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA GIVE Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Facebook Visit us on LinkedIn Visit us on Instagram SITES A-Z Main Menu Search Main Menu About USG University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Divisions Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations Policies Faculty and Staff Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Location Procurement Our Institutions Map and Information Institutional Directories Students Student Outcomes Current Students Free Speech / Censorship Concerns International Students Online Students Prospective Students Veterans and Service Members USG Vaccination Locator News & Reports Initiatives & Priorities Momentum Year Complete College Georgia Know More. Borrow Less. Mental Health Initiative Strategic Plan 2024 UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA Academic Programs Academic Affairs Division Enhancing educational opportunities at the associate, baccalaureate, masters, and doctoral levels Home General Information Academic Affairs - Approvals and Notifications Training Links Nexus Degree Contact Us About Us Mission Statement The Office of Academic Programs strives to enhance educational opportunities at the associate, baccalaureate, masters, and doctoral levels by developing processes that are responsive to the economic, intellectual, and cultural needs of the state and the regions served by the 26 public institutions of the University System. Academic program implementation will follow the model of a responsible culture that uses review and assessment to develop procedures that benefit students, faculty, and administrators while working as a unified system of educational opportunity. The development of academic programs comes with attendant foci and measures of accountability that collectively promote access to degree and course opportunities to a wide and diverse populace. The programs may be offered in multiple formats to meet the needs of multiple constituencies. To address issues of accountability, programs will be developed that garner national, state, regional, and local attention in terms of research, scholarship, quality, viability, and productivity. Academic programs will be developed that expand disciplinary knowledge, solve problems, promote discovery, and contribute to the economic future of the state. The goals of educational programs and processes associated with the maturation of the mind include graduating students with the intellectual and professional skills to broadly apply varying perspectives in a changing world that operates within a global context. These varying perspectives embrace the benefits of the diversity of students in education, research, and service. Academic offerings are offered on campuses that espouse a community of inclusion and achievement in all facets of the educational experience. For information on University System of Georgia academic programs, degree waivers, certificates, and major disciplinary areas see the navigation links on the left. For dynamic information on enrollment, retention, graduation, or degrees conferred, please visit the USG by the Numbers web site. CONTACT 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. WEBSITE INFORMATION Privacy Policy Accessibility Compliance & Ethics Reporting ETHICS & COMPLIANCE REPORTING Report Ethical Concerns Report Free Speech and Censorship Concerns USG INSTITUTIONS Map & Information Institutional Directories INFORMATION FOR: Current Students Prospective Students International Students Online Students Veterans and Service Members Faculty and Staff USG Retiree Benefits Vendors & Suppliers POLICIES & REPORTS University System of Georgia Policies NEED HELP? Human Trafficking Notice DIVISIONS Academic Affairs External Affairs Fiscal Affairs Internal Audit, Ethics & Compliance Operations ABOUT University System of Georgia Board of Regents Chancellor Campus Consolidations Comprehensive Administrative Review Newsroom Employment Staff Directory Contact Us Open Records Requests Location UNIVERSITY SYSTEM OF GEORGIA © Copyright 2023. All Rights Reserved. USG SITES A-Z 15 to Finish Academic Affairs and Policy Academic & Student Affairs Handbook Academic Common Market Academic Programs Advisory Committees Affordable Learning Georgia African-American Male Initiative Board of Regents Board of Regents Policy Manual Branding Guidelines Business Procedures Manual Campus Consolidations Center for Leadership Excellence Chancellor's Office Communications Community Relations Comprehensive Administrative Review Curriculum Cybersecurity Data Services Economic Development Faculty Affairs Faculty Council Faculty Development Fiscal Affairs GAtracs Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy GeorgiaBEST GeorgiaFIRST Georgia E-rate Services Georgia ONmyLINE GeorgiaVIEW Georgia WebMBA GIL Users Group Meeting Governmental Affairs Human Resources Information Officers Council Information Technology Handbook Information Technology Services Institutions Internal Audit International Education ITS Customer Services Leadership and Institutional Development Legal Affairs Newsroom Organizational Effectiveness PeachNet Policies and Reports Procurement Real Estate and Facilities Records Management Research and Policy Analysis Safety and Security Service Excellence Shared Services Center Staff Council Strategic Academic Initiatives Student Affairs Tobacco Free University System of Georgia USG Diversity Summit USG Faculty and Staff Portal USG Foundation USG Services Status USG Technology Store Veteran to Nurse Educator Fellowship Well-being × This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy at https://www.usg.edu/siteinfo/web_privacy_policy. Questions, please email gdpr@usg.edu. OK