This website uses cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Notice at https://www.usg.edu/dataprivacy. Questions or Requests, please complete this form. OK University System of Georgia Foundation, Inc. About the Foundation Give to the Foundation 2023 Regents' Scholarship Gala Scholarships Board of Regents' Awards Foundation Reports Contact Us GIVE Support the University System of Georgia Your gift will support public higher education in Georgia through scholarships to deserving students and to advance the work of the University System of Georgia to create a more educated Georgia. Give to the USG Foundation Designate your Gift USG Foundation Need-Based Scholarships Giving Spotlight 2023 Board of Regents' Scholarship Gala Give to a USG Foundation Designation: Regents' Scholarship Gala USG Foundation Hometown Scholarships USG Foundation Annual Scholarships USG Foundation Endowments USG Initiatives USG Employee Giving Campaign | Other USG Fields of Study USG Foundation Hometown Scholarships Barner and Johnnie Mae Green Scholarship Fund Early College Scholarship Fund Georgia Association of Physicians of Indian Heritage Scholarship Fund Georgia Film Academy Scholarship Fund USG Foundation Need-Based Scholarship Fund George and Gloria Brooks Scholarship Endowment Fund Dr. Isaac J. Crumbly CDEP Legacy Scholarship Endowment Fund The East Lake Scholarship Endowment Fund Henry M. and Amy Huckaby Need-Based Scholarship Endowment Fund Regent Emeritus Donald L. Leebern, Jr. Scholarship Endowment Fund Regent Emeritus Elridge W. McMillan Scholarship Endowment Fund Merryll Penson Scholarship Endowment Fund Steve and Lynne Wrigley Scholarship Endowment Fund Georgia Archives Georgia Film Academy Georgia FinTech Academy Georgia Library Service for the Blind and Print Disabled Georgia Public Library Services Employee Giving Campaign Auction Purchase Other (designate in dedication field) Library Services Georgia Film Academy Nursing University System of Georgia 270 Washington Street, S.W. Atlanta, GA 30334 U.S.A. © 2023 Board of Regents of the University System of Georgia Home About the Foundation Give to the Foundation Regents' Scholarship Gala Awards and Scholarships Annual Reports Contact Us