Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home American Institute of Architecture Students The American Institute of Architecture Students (AIAS) at Georgia Tech is an independent, nonprofit, student-run organization dedicated to providing unmatched progressive programs, information, and resources on issues critical to architecture and the experience of education. The mission of the AIAS is to promote excellence in architectural education, training, and practice; to foster an appreciation of architecture and related disciplines; to enrich communities in a spirit of collaboration, and to organize students and combine their efforts to advance the art and science of architecture. Georgia Tech AIAS is committed to helping members broaden their horizons within the architectural profession while promoting a healthy studio culture here at Tech and contributing to a sense of community within the School. Follow @aiasgt on Instagram National Organization of Minority Architecture Students Georgia Tech’s chapter of the National Organization of Minority Architecture Students (NOMAS) is the student counterpart of the National Organization of Minority Architects (NOMA). GT-NOMAS thrives to build a strong chapter of involved architecture students whose interests include the promotion of diversity--both in the academic and professional environments--and passions for design excellence, community engagement, and professional development. Members hold a number of social, educational, philanthropic, and professional networking events on campus and in the community as well as annually participate in student design competitions both locally and on a national level. Follow @gt_nomas on Instagram Equity in Architecture at Georgia Tech The student chapter of Equity in Architecture (EQiA) strives to further integrate the student body by promoting unity and equality between genders within the College of Design at the Georgia Institute of Technology. The goals of the organization are: to increase awareness in the Georgia Tech community of the success, achievements, and history of women in the fields of Architecture, City and Regional Planning, Building Construction, Industrial Design, and Music; to promote leadership among women within the College of Design; to create role models and mentors within the College of Design and the greater Atlanta community; to establish life-long networking connections between the women in school and the professional women in Atlanta area; and to help voice the female opinion in the college on curriculum initiatives, faculty searches, and other academic decision-making boards. Follow eqia.gt on Instagram ECO Our Newest Student Organization! ECO at Georgia Tech is a student-led organization focused on reviving the School of Architecture’s learning ecosystem for the betterment of the planet. The organization works to bring awareness of responsible material choices to net-zero studio practices that promote environmental wellness within our design community. ECO is based on tqhe word Ecosystem, which is described as the interconnected relationship between humans and their direct environment. As a design community, we ask, "How can we connect with each other, our built environment, and the materials we use every day to create an environmentally conscious atmosphere? As designers, we are makers; therefore, ECO aims to improve recycling habits and reuse and re-purpose materials within multiple studios to reduce waste. ECO aims to expand our passion for sustainability to our direct community through interactive events with local schools and sharing models and materials. Through education, awareness, and collaboration, ECO works to foster a carbon-neutral design environment. Follow eco.gt on Instagram ConCave: Ph.D. Student Group ConCave is a Ph.D. student-led interdisciplinary Ph.D. student group in the College of Design at Georgia Tech. The goal of the group is to build a community revolving around design and research. With Divergence Ph.D. student Symposium, the group aims to engage with a larger group of design students and scholars and to enhance the network of Ph.D. students all over the world. Follow @concave.gt on Instagram The Pin-Up Podcast The Pin-Up is an architecture podcast made for students, by students. In the Pin-Up, the hosts Lizzie Turac and Lauren Riehm discuss a variety of topics with faculty, students, and professionals in the hopes of providing guidance in all things architecture and architecture school. The Pin-Up Podcast: Links Student Interest and Topics Form Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in