Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Student Advisory Council Students play an essential role in the continual evolution of the School of Architecture. The Student Advisory Council is elected each year to work closely with the administration to discuss new initiatives and improvements to the School. Representatives from the undergraduate, graduate and Ph.D. programs meet monthly with the School Chair and Associate Chair and serve as liaisons between their programs and the school leadership. Students are encouraged to participate in this committee or one of the many other leadership opportunities offered by the school. Current Studio Advisory Council Members Undergrads: First Years – Annika Fisher & Joshua Patrick Sophomores – Nicole Bridges & Ryan Stoddard Juniors – Lauren Riehm & Lizzie Turac Seniors – AnLi French & Sean Li Grads: Core – Amal Bogoreh & Madeleine Mason Advanced – Rich Fridy & Patricia Rangel D+R – Gillian Gingher & Katie Reilly M.S. – Daniel Hsu MSUD – Devaki Kesh & Aishwarya Vanmali Ph.D. – Yasser El-Masri & Yeinn Oh Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in