Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Pre-College Program Pre-College Program Have you always been curious about architecture? Do you want to be part of teams designing buildings of the future? Are you interested in learning how to use emerging technologies to design buildings? The Pre-College Architecture "Be the Future" summer studio offers an opportunity for students interested in architecture to get a hands-on experience of what it's like to be an architect. Come join us for an energetic immersion into the field of design and making where students will interact with professors, current students, recent graduates, and local practitioners. "Be the Future" Program Information Summer 2023 Applications are open now for Summer 2023. Session 1: 6/11 - 6/23 Session 2: 7/9 - 7/21 Cost of the program is $2500 per student, including a $250 deposit due at registration. This includes their stay at the dorms, all their meals, all the materials they will need during the program, as well as any transportation during the program and special ticket admission costs. Apply Here Contact Us Pre-College Summer Program Photo Album Photo by Carmen New Photo by Carmen New Photo by Carmen New Photo by Candace Seda Photo by Carmen New Photo by Carmen New Architecture Pre-College Program Our Pre-College summer experience will provide hands-on experience in drawing and making to test design ideas for an architectural project. Campers will leave with an understanding of the path to a career in architecture, as well as a design project ready for inclusion in their own portfolio.The Pre-College Architecture studio exposes students to the broad spectrum of creative possibilities to inspire the next generation of future designers. What the students do: Engage in a design studio project using cutting-edge tools of technology and software Live on campus with current architecture students who will assist in leading design exercises Meet and hear from School of Architecture professors Sketch and tour the city (Beltline, Midtown, MODA, High Museum, Piedmont Park, etc.) Visit architecture firms and meet Georgia Tech graduates who work there Have fun at movie night, bowling, and swimming on campus Learn what it means to be an architecture student at Georgia Tech and why we are the best place for creative and inventive design Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in