Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Architecture, Culture & Behavior Architecture, Culture & Behavior Architecture reflects and creates human experience. The evolution of organizations, economies, technologies and culture continuously redefines the way in which built space supports and makes intelligible patterns of everyday life, work, communication, collaboration, exchange, learning and creativity, or the identity of communities and institutions. Research in the School of Architecture in Architecture, Culture and Behavior (ACB) develops tools, models and theories for better understanding, quantifying and evaluating the performance of built space relative to its human functions. ACB contributes to the formulation of the programmatic aims of design and the development and comparative evaluation of design proposals. It also contributes to the assessment of existing building stock relative to its capacity to accommodate emerging needs. Research Areas Spatial Morphology Evidence-Based Design Research Labs and Related Programs SimTigrate Design Lab Digital Building Lab IPaT | Institute of People and Technology Research Specializations Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in