Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home About Our School About Our School The Georgia Tech School of Architecture is filled with world-changers, entrepreneurs, and makers, and we fuel their ambitions by providing the resources, knowledge, applications, and connections necessary for their success. Atlanta Our History Get to Know Us Our Degree Programs We offer an undergraduate degree, three different graduate degree programs, and a Ph.D. program. Research Learn about the research currently taking place in the School of Architecture Student Work See our students' work currently exhibited in our 2021 End of Year Show Our Facilities Our students work in studios in the Architecture West building, catch lectures in the Reinsch-Pierce Family Auditorium and pin up their work in the Cohen Gallery in Architecture East, collaborate in our spacious studios in Hinman Research Building, and pour cement, fly drones (and so much more) in the Digital Fabrication Lab. See Our Facilities Hire Our Students Our students are hardworking and are always excited to learn about new job opportunities. Do you have a job or internship that you would like for us to share with our students? Complete our Hire Our Students form and your submission will be added to our weekly e-newsletter, which we send every Monday at 3 p.m. EST. Submit a Job Request Accreditation Georgia Institute of Technology, School of Architecture offers the following NAAB-accredited degree programs: Master of Architecture, 3-year track (non-professional degree + 102 semester hours) Master of Architecture, 2-year track (preprofessional degree + 60 semester hours) Next accreditation visit for both programs: 2022 NAAB Accreditation Support Our School You can make a direct positive impact and a lasting legacy on the architectural education for an undergraduate or a graduate student by creating a scholarship or fellowship to help bridge the gap in funding their education. Once students have cleared the rigors of admission/cleared the hurdle of admission to Tech, it is vital that we have the resources available for scholarships and fellowships for those with financial need. Support Our School Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in