Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Hire A Planner Hire A Planner School of City & Regional Planning students and alumni are highly sought after by employers for internships, co-ops, and full-time jobs. Graduates from our programs come with forward-thinking ideas, strong quantitative and analytical abilities, and the necessary communication skills to contribute right from the start. Recruit Students at Career Fair Every year, we host a career fair for students in all of our degree programs. Held jointly with the School of Architecture, the fair allows employers to meet with our students and recruit for internships and full-time positions. Our next Career Fair will be in February 2023. We'll host the in-person event at the McCamish Pavilion with our new partner, the Georgia Tech Career Center. Register for the Career Fair Recruit Alumni Contact Our Office Share job postings with us and we will get the word out! LinkedIn Our LinkedIn group has more than 600 members. If you are a member, you can post your job. JacketNet Jobs Administered by the Alumni Association, employers can post positions or search alumni resumes. Have a job or internship posting to share? Our students are dynamic additions to agencies, firms, and third-sector organizations. Many students go on to work in the organizations they intern with after graduation, and our employers continuously request more Tech-educated planners and scientists to strengthen their teams. Contact our office with job and internship postings and with any questions about recruiting our students or alumni. Contact Sei Yoshioka-Cefalo Recruit Students for Internships Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP) students are required to complete an internship as part of our program. Tech students are consistently reported by internship employers as positive change agents in the organizations they work with. Interns can be hired during the fall, spring, or summer, with many of our students choosing to work at an internship full-time during the summer semester. Please note that it is our policy to only distribute paid internship opportunities to our students. Recruit Students with the Co-Op Program This program allows current graduate students to work for an agency/firm while enrolled full-time pursuing their MCRP, MS-GIST, or Ph.D. degree. Co-op students are creative and energetic, bringing the latest city planning knowledge and innovation into their workplace. These benefits are achieved with flexible, short-term contracts and with compensation packages below those of regular professional employees with similar skills. If you are interested in establishing a co-op with one of our students, please email Sei Yoshioka-Cefalo. Contact Sei Yoshioka-Cefalo Use CareerBuzz to Recruit Tech Students Employers are able to post job notices and review applicant resumes with CareerBuzz. Please specify “City and Regional Planning” students when you post, as this is a university-administered service. Visit CareerBuzz Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in