Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Student Resource Guide Student Resource Guide This is your one-stop-shop for information, resources, advice, and recommendations to help get you started here in the School of Architecture. Campus WiFi Find out how to log into the campus WiFi network. Connecting to Georgia Tech’s Wi-Fi: Visit the following website: https://www.lawn.gatech.edu/eduroam Follow the instructions under “Manual Configuration Examples” to connect your devices (i.e., personal laptop, cell phone, tablets, etc.) Once configured, your devices should automatically connect whenever within range of the wireless network (all of campus) Software Review the software that you will need on your personal laptop. Laptop Specifications Laptop specs as required by Georgia Tech standards can be found here: https://arch.gatech.edu/computer-policy. Here you will also find information about specific hardware and software requirements. Autodesk All Autodesk software is free for students at: https://www.autodesk.com/education/free-software/featured Adobe Creative Cloud Students can purchase Adobe CC for $75/year First create a “University System of Georgia” account using your university email (@gatech.edu) at: http://personal.techstore.usg.edu/Personal_2/Animation/Adobe-ETLA-Creative-Cloud-for-USG_2 Follow the links as shown: Home Store Products > Brand > Adobe > Creative Cloud for USG Students After completing your purchase you will receive an email with download instructions Alternatively, students can purchase Adobe CC for $19.99/month at: https://www.adobe.com/creativecloud/buy/students.html Rhino Can be bought at discounted student price of $195 at: https://www.rhino3d.com/sales/north-america/United_States This is a one-time purchase and the software will remain on your device indefinitely 90-day free trial is also available at: https://www.rhino3d.com/download/rhino-for-windows/6/evaluation Accessing School Resources Remotely You can access your coursework when you are not on campus using the VLAB and the Campus VPN. Virtual Lab (VLAB) VLAB is a connection that allows you to access your Georgia Tech computer files and drives on your personal laptop as if you logged into a computer on campus Internet connection is needed to use VLAB Instructions on how to access VLAB can be found at the following links: https://central.design.gatech.edu/it/vlab https://faq.oit.gatech.edu/tags/category/vlab For issues: https://faq.oit.gatech.edu/content/vlab-who-do-i-contact-support Campus VPN Connecting to the campus VPN allows you to sync files on your computer to Georgia Tech’s server Instructions on how to download required software and connect can be found here: https://design.gatech.edu/campus-vpn Printing and Plotting We have several printers and plotters availabe in the School of Architecture. Learn where they are, how to use the printers, and the cost. How to Print Whether printing from a campus desktop or from your personal laptop, click ‘Print’ (either from the ‘File’ drop-down menu or from a printer icon button) In the pop-up window, select either “Black ALL campus” or “COA Laptop Color” from the “Printer” drop-down menu Check your print settings and then click “Print” A pop-up window will appear. Enter your original Georgia Tech ID (this typically includes a number), then press ENTER Swipe your Buzzcard in the keyboard of a supported print location, this will prompt the computer to display your print jobs, the cost of your print jobs, and your remaining Buzzcard balance Select your print jobs on the computer and click “Print” to send them to the nearby printers Standard School Printing Locations & Costs Printing Locations: Hinman Main Floor (graduate studios): color and b+w printers located in a small room next to the Cave Hinman Top Floor (undergraduate studios): color and b+w printers located towards the main entry of the building Arch West (undergraduate studios): color and b+w printers located on the 3rd floor across from the print shop and 2nd floor in bridge Printing Costs: Cost is based on color setting, not paper size: B+W: $0.04/page Color: $0.19/page Students are allocated $2.20/week on their Buzzcard for printing at any supported print location on campus Campus Central Printing Services Students can print up to 1200 pages for free a semester by sending their print jobs to Georgia Tech’s central-ps (note that print jobs may not be available the same day; this is recommended for large b+w print jobs) Find more information here: http://print.gatech.edu/central-ps How to Install Printer Drivers on your Personal Computer While connected to Georgia Tech’s network, go to https://software.oit.gatech.edu and follow the steps to download the software Plotting Print Shop: Located on the 3rd floor of Arch West Plots 36” and 42” wide paper in color. No change in price for b+w. Paper types: regular, heavy-bond, semi-gloss and mylar Price is by foot and varies by paper type*** Must pay with Buzzcard Must submit 300 dpi JPEG on a jump drive Off-Campus Print Shop: ARC Document Solutions, located on 10th Street. Pricing is cheaper, quality is also cheaper. You can upload your files to their website https://www.e-arc.com/location/atlanta/ under “Send Files.” GT Student should be listed as your company. You can specify your pick-up time in “description” Pricing will not be available until you pick up. You need to send files at least 2 hours in advance. Can pay with credit or debit. Tech Support If you have issues, submit a helpdesk ticket here: https://central.design.gatech.edu/helpdesk Portfolios Students are required to prepare and maintain a physical portfolio of their work throughout their time at the School of Architecture. There are several required portfolio-related events each year. The academic portfolio must contain work from all design studios and other courses where creative work is produced per guidelines below. Classes that must be included in student portfolios All design studios All Media + Modeling classes Construction Technology 1 & 2 Structures 1 & 2 All electives where creative work is produced, e.g. fabrication, collage, drawing, etc. Professional work or any work done outside of school should not be included Printing and binding criteria Must be bound. Stay away from binding that causes portfolios to fall apart. Paper matters. Stay away from low-quality bond paper. Size is up to you, but we recommend no smaller than 8.5x11 Must include a current resume Scanning Sketches Dropbox App for large images Click on + and scan the document using your phone’s camera. Dropbox will adjust the photo as needed and make black and white Hinman Scanner: located under the hammock stairs. Login to the adjacent computer to retrieve scans Photographing Models Tripp’s shop has a large photography setup with lights and background. You must ask an assistant for a key. Tripp’s shop also has a photo booth for smaller models that is located under the breezeway near the metal shop, no key needed Hinman laser room: TBD Printing On-campus: OIT Printing & Copying Services. Various binding and paper options Address: 811 Marietta St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318 Website: https://oit.gatech.edu/service-item/custom-printing Hours: M-F 8am - 5pm Number: (404) 894-3570 Can submit through online or in store Get files to OIT 24 hours in advance Accent Graphics (agprintco.com) Address: 5583 Peachtree Rd, Atlanta, GA 30341 Website: http://www.agprintco.com/ Hours: M-F 8am - 5pm Number: (770) 455-3366 ARC Document Solutions Address: 640 10th St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318 Website: https://www.e-arc.com/location/atlanta/ Hours: M-F 8am - 5pm Number: (404) 873-5911 Can submit online or in-store, same-day printing and binding, bring PDF on USB Creative Approach Address: 1080 West Peachtree Street Northwest, Atlanta, GA 30309 Website: https://mycreativeapproach.com/ Hours: M-F 8:30 am - 5:30 pm Number: (404) 480-8222 Notes: Offers same day printing + binding, Bring compiled PDF on USB Lulu.com Online printing service that will ship your prints to you Online Portfolio Issuu Website (https://issuu.com/) With a free account, you can upload up to 100 MB documents for public or specific shared viewing Adobe Portfolio Free service if you are paying for Adobe subscription Materials Discover where you can find materials for class projects and how/where to recycle used materials. Recycling! There are paper and cardboard rolling bins located throughout the College of Design. PLEASE recycle your laser scraps and paper scraps Aluminum and Plastic recycling: Hinman: On the main floor, there is a recycling station next to the vending machines which are near the elevator On the top floor the recycling center is located near the elevato Architecture East: Aluminum and plastic recycling is closed on the first and third floor near the elevators Paper recycling bins can be found in studios Architecture West: Paper recycling bins can be found in studios Supply Stores Blick Art Supplies Address: 878 Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30309 Hours: M-F 9 am - 8 pm; SAT 10 am - 8 pm; SUN 12 pm - 6 pm Notes: Approximately a 15 minute walk from Hinman. Student discounts and coupons available via email mailing list Binders Address: Ponce City Market - 650 North Avenue NE Suite S 102, Atlanta, GA 30308 Hours: M-SAT 9 am - 9 pm; SUN 12 pm - 6 pm Notes: Other location is in Buckhead - 330 Piedmont Rd NE #18, Atlanta, GA 30305, and they offer student discounts Home Depot Address: 650 Ponce De Leon Ave NE, Atlanta, GA 30308 Hours: M-SAT 6 am - 9 pm; SUN 8 am - 7 pm Notes: Plywood and Metal College of Design Woodshop Located in the basement of Architecture East. Contact Tripp Edwards for orientation. There is a free material bin of scraps. Best pricing for acrylic is available through a shop worker. Must pay with Buzzcard. And don’t forget to wear eye protection! Hours: TBA Digital Fabrication Lab Digital Fabrication Lab (DFL) Orientation is required. Contact Tristan Al-Haddad to schedule an orientation. You will also notice a lot of free scraps available in the DFL. Laser Cutters Learn how you can get trained for using the laser cutters and where to find laser cutters on campus. Orientation ou must go through an orientation to use any laser cutters on campus. Contact Tripp Edwards (tripp.edwards@design.gatech.edu) to schedule. Locations College of Design There are 2 located in the Hinman Research Building and 2 located in Arch East (third floor in COA East next to Industrial Design Studio under professor offices). There is 1 machine in the Digital Fabrication Lab. The Hive Located between the Van Leer building and Tech Green - Hours 12:00 pm - 6:00pm. Peer instructors are available to help. Fabrication We take pride in our fabrication resources here at Georgia Tech. Find out how and where you can fabricate projects. Wood Shop There is also a metal shop in the basement of Architecture West that requires a separate walkthrough with Tripp Edwards. Digital Fabrication Lab (DFL) Address: 676 Marietta Street, Atlanta, GA 30318 Hours: Monday-Thursday: 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. Friday: 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Saturday: Closed Sunday: 2:00 - 8:00pm The Hive Located between the Van Leer building and Tech Green Hours: 12:00pm - 6:00pm Services: 3D printing service / Plasma cutter - FREE Food and Coffee Need a quick cup of coffee? Looking for a great lunch or dinner spot? Look no further! On Campus Galloway café: main floor of Arch West Monday-Friday 7:45AM- 6:00PM takes dining dollars and Buzzfunds Serves sandwiches, pastries and coffee Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons: Starbucks: Monday-Friday 8:00AM-1:00AM, Sat-Sun 9:00AM-6:00PM Multiple vending machines (3rd floor vending machine serves hot coffee in a cup) Van Leer/MRDC Top Time Coffee Monday – Friday, 8am – 4pm Student Center: First Level: Chick-fil-A, Auntie Anne’s, Subway, Panda Express, Auditions, Blue Donkey Cafe Second Level: Twisted Taco, Ray’s NY Pizza, Dunkin Donuts, Far East Fusion, Essential Eats, Simply-To-Go, salad & soup bar, assorted bottled drinks, King of Pops freezer Highland Bakery: 224 Uncle Heinie Way NW Monday-Friday 8:00AM - 3:00PM, Sat-Sun Closed West Village Starbucks: Monday-Friday 10:00AM-1:00AM, Sat-Sun 10:00AM-8:00PM Vending Machines: All campus vending machine locations can be found here: http://www.buzzcard.gatech.edu/vending-locations Off Campus and Nearby Tech Square: Umma, Moe’s, Tin Drum, Waffle House, Yogli Mogli, The Gyro Bros, Ray’s NY Pizza, Chuck’s Famous, Starbucks, Subway Amélie’s French Bakery: 840 Marietta St NW, Atlanta, GA 30318 Monday-Friday 7:00AM-7:00PM, Sat-Sun 8:00AM-7:00PM Convenient location if working out of the DFL Other Here are a few additional, miscellaneous resources that you may find helpful as you get started here at Georgia Tech. Canvas Canvas is where your professors will post assignments and grades. https://canvas.gatech.edu/ You can also download the app Georgia Tech Shuttles Find the Stringer and Tech Trolley schedules at http://bus.gatech.edu/ From 7pm to 7am you can use the Stingerette app to request a pick-up and drop off rides around campus. There is an iPhone app for it. Lockers Lockers are available for students to use Students must supply their own lock Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in