Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Research Labs Research Labs At Georgia Tech, inquisitiveness is an essential trait of the culture of design, and research is the fundamental activity by which we advance this aspiration. The Georgia Tech School of Architecture offers specializations in architecture, culture, and behavior, design technology, history, theory, and criticism, and urbanism. To pursue these goals, the School of Architecture is home to, and collaborates with, a number of research laboratories. Research Information Digital Building Lab One of the College of Design's research centers, the Digital Building Laboratory serves as a catalyst for envisioning future work processes and technologies and assists the architectural and building industries in adopting these developments on professional projects. Digital Building Lab Flourishing Communities Collaborative Flourishing Communities Collaborative (FC2) is an academic lab, committed to community engagement and social outreach. We engage in educating, leading, and serving by working with the community in a range of different settings. We are a multi-disciplinary laboratory whose vision is to leverage the resources at Georgia Tech for the city by building upon the strengths of its neighborhoods. Flourishing Communities Collaborative High Performance Building Lab Creating high performance buildings requires that we are able to design, verify, and guarantee the type of systems that meet the highest expectations of the client and society. The technical performance of buildings is the result of the complex interplay of highly variable boundary conditions driving the physical behavior of many components operating in multiple interacting domains such as heat and mass transfer, fluid mechanics, light, and acoustics, all orchestrated by increasingly intelligent building controls. High Performance Building Lab Shape Computation Lab The Shape Computation Lab explores how the visual nature of shape – and its ability to seamlessly shift and recombine to produce new opportunities for creative designers and reflective critics alike - can be formally implemented with new software technologies to assist seeing and doing in design in profoundly new ways. Shape Computation Lab SimTigrate Design Lab One of the College of Design's research centers, the SimTigrate Design Lab recreates medical spaces ranging in scale from hospitals to clinics to doctor's offices. Working with architects, engineers, medical personnel, and others, SimTigrate tests ideas for spaces and environments by making them more efficient, improving patient safety, decreasing chances for acquiring infections, and increasing collaboration among staff. SimTigrate Design Lab Spatial Futures Lab Experimental in both its pedagogical setup and design-production workflows, the Spatial Futures Lab was the first Georgia Tech design and research lab fully housed in the Digital Fabrication Lab (DFL). Spatial Futures Lab Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in