Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Ph.D. Admissions Ph.D. Admissions Architecture is a powerful domain of knowledge that both spatializes higher-order philosophical notions and derives conceptual models from phenomena of the physical world. Doctoral studies in architecture at Georgia Tech are strongly oriented by shared discourses of design, technology, and culture across the universe of allied and adjacent disciplines available here. Apply Now! Applications Applicants to the Ph.D. program must complete the online Georgia Tech Graduate Admissions Application and submit the following supporting documents: You will be asked to provide the email contact information for 3 recommenders. Your recommenders will receive an automated email asking that they complete an online letter of recommendation for you. A copy of your transcript from each college attended since high school to be uploaded with your application (These may be unofficial copies. If admitted, you will be required to provide official copies). Scores of Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) for applicants whose first language is other than English(online). The paper-based minimum is 577 and internet-based is 90, with minimum section scores of 19 or higher on each skill area. Graduate Record Examination (GRE) scores (online). A scholarly writing sample. All applicants must apply to the Ph.D. program by December 31. Tuition and Fees Duration The time to completion of a Ph.D. is highly varied. The program requires two years of full-time in-residence study. Part-time acquisition of a Ph.D. is not possible. Students are required to complete a qualifying paper, a comprehensive examination and successful defense of a research proposal before receiving candidacy. The completed thesis is later defended in a thesis defense. Very organized students have completed all work for a Ph.D. in four (4) years. More typically students complete the degree in five (5) years. Applicants to Ph.D. studies are reviewed and admitted for fall admission. No applications are considered for spring admission. Deferrals are not allowed by the Ph.D. program unless approved in advance by the chair of the School of Architecture. These are handled on a case by case basis in order to assure that there are available faculty resources to support the applicant’s goals. An academic advisor in the School can assist the applicant with the deferral process. Any applicant who wishes to defer for more than one academic year will be required to submit a new application through the Graduate Admissions Office and provide new supporting documentation, including a new portfolio and more recent scholarly writing samples. Meet Our Ph.D. Students Doctoral students in the School of Architecture develop knowledge and technologies that enhance design imagination and the design process. Learn more about our current Ph.D. students via the link below. Our Ph.D. Students Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in