Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Future Students Future Students Architecture is a discipline that sits between art, culture, and technology. Georgia Tech architecture students think about the buildings of the future--how to use old buildings in new ways and the new types of buildings people will need all over the world. Then they use emerging technologies to design and develop those buildings, fast. Future Student Resources Admissions Information Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Scholarships and Financial Aid The Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid (OSFA) is dedicated to helping students and families apply for and obtain the financial aid necessary to pursue a Georgia Tech degree. Financial advisors are available to assist you and to help you find the answers to your questions. Please visit the OSFA website for additional information including a full list of scholarships available at Georgia Tech. Scholarships and Financial Aid How We Rank The 2021 QS World Rankings ranked Georgia Tech is #23 in the world for architecture, which is also #6 of universities located in the U.S. The Master of Architecture degree is currently ranked #21 among the most admired architecture schools by DesignIntelligence. QS World Rankings DesignIntelligence Meet Our Ambassadors Our undergraduate and graduate ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our ambassadors are available to answer questions about our School and share their experiences about being a student at Georgia Tech. Read their profiles and send them an email. Our ambassadors will greet you when you visit and show you why Georgia Tech is the best place to study architecture. Pictured: Paola Santiago, Graduate Ambassador Meet Our Students Pre-College Program The Pre-College Design program consists of two-week online workshops in architecture and industrial design. Hosted by the College of Design at the Georgia Institute of Technology, this program provides the opportunity to engage with our world-class faculty and current students, and give high-school students insight on what it is like to study architecture and industrial design. High school students who have completed their freshman year or above are welcome to apply. Sign Me Up! Connect with our Advisors Our advisors are here to guide you through your decision and your admissions process. Contact Robin Tucker Contact Nitra Wisdom Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in