Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Global Partnerships Global Partnerships The School of City and Regional Planning has several international partnerships that allow for our students to participate in experiences abroad during their time at Georgia Tech. Students can fully immerse themselves in another country while studying toward their graduate degree. Tongji - Georgia Tech Exchange Program in Shanghai This unique exchange program prepares M.Arch and MCRP students for global practice by enabling them to earn an additional master's degree upon completing two semesters at the host institution. Georgia Tech’s MCRP students earn a Master of Urban and Rural Planning (MURP) degree from Tongji University. Students in this program pay in-state tuition rates during the year of the exchange. While in Shanghai, students will receive a round trip airfare reimbursement (up to 10,000 RMB), free housing, a monthly stipend for 9 months and can apply for a scholarship. Tongji University’s School of Architecture and Urban Planning (CAUP) has been ranked as No. 1 in China. Tongji University CEPT University (Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India) SCaRP’s Indian partner university, CEPT, takes its name from the Centre for Environmgntal Planning and Technology, and is focused on designing, planning, constructing and managing human habitats. Its Faculty of Planning was established in 1972 and is regularly ranked in the top two among Indian planning schools. SCaRP and CEPT have exchanged faculty and students and conducted joint studios together. CEPT University University of Guadalajara (Jalisco, Mexico) SCaRP’s Mexican partner, Universidad de Guadalajara, is a public university authorized in 1791, and focused on innovation and sustainability. Its planning department is housed in the Center for Arts, Architecture, and Design, a college of 6,000+ students and 500+ faculty. SCaRP’s and CUAAD’s partnership enables faculty and student exchange as well as joint studio projects and research. University of Guadalajara (EN) University of Guadalajara (ES) Habitat UNI SCaRP is a member of UN-Habitat’s University Network Initiative, promoting the engagement of universities with Habitat’s mission of advancing sustainable development worldwide. The UNI partnership affords opportunities to engage with other universities active in sustainability worldwide, as well as participation in UN-Habitat projects and events. Habitat UNI Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in