Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Graduate Assistantships In support of its missions in teaching and research, the School of Architecture awards a limited number of graduate assistantships (GRA, GTA, and GSA positions) each year to students enrolled in the School of Architecture. The assistantships require an average of 15 hours of service each week and provide a stipend and graduate tuition waiver each semester (not inclusive of any additional tuition costs and mandatory student fees which are paid by the student). These assistantships are awarded each semester based upon budget availability, the need of faculty, and student qualifications. New applicants or continuing students should indicate their interest in and qualifications for these positions in a separate letter to be included in their application package or submitted to the Academic Advisor. There is no other application process for graduate assistantships. The following research and teaching assistantships are administered directly by the School of Architecture. Sponsored Graduate Research Assistantships Sponsored research assistantships are available on a limited basis each year to students who typically have spent at least one year in any of the School of Architecture graduate programs. The availability of these awards is dependent on the nature and amount of externally-sponsored research activity in the College of Design and the background and experience of the applicants relative to the research being conducted. Graduate Teaching Assistantships A limited number of teaching assistantships are awarded to students who typically have spent at least one year in one of the School of Architecture graduate programs. The positions that occasionally become available include architectural history, architectural technology, design computing, environmental systems, structures, and urban design. It is essential that the applicants for these positions have outstanding qualifications from previous academic and/or professional experience. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in