Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Architecture Master of Architecture The Master of Architecture (M.Arch) program at Georgia Tech provides students with a professional degree leading to a career in architecture or a related field. Our NAAB-accredited and STEM-designated program combines design and research through a curricular structure that integrates history, theory, technology and practice with design studios. Apply Now! Graduate Virtual Open House Our Program Featured Work: Section Prospective by Portman Prize Winner, Carly Langsdorf Our students have the opportunity to pursue their interests in a range of topics including sustainability, urbanism, materials and building systems, digital design & fabrication, high performance buildings and design & health, among others. Acknowledging the transformative changes occurring in the profession of architecture, our program anticipates what practice will be in the near future and prepares our graduates to be in front of, and leaders of these changes. This year, the GRE will not be required for applications to the M.Arch. M.Arch Tracks You do not need an undergraduate architecture degree to enroll in our M.Arch program. We actively recruit and accept graduate students with diverse degrees including humanities, engineering, business, and social and natural sciences. Applicants come from a wide range of universities throughout the United States and abroad and one of the strengths of our program is the cultural and intellectual diversity of our students. 3.5-Year M.Arch Those with an undergraduate degree in a non-architecture discipline can apply to the 3.5 year M.Arch. 2-Year M.Arch Those with a four-year preprofessional degree in architecture may apply for the 2 year M.Arch. Connect with an Ambassador Our Graduate Ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our ambassadors are available to answer questions about our school and share their experiences as architecture students at Georgia Tech. Meet Our Students Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in