Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Graduate Certificates Graduate Certificates City and Regional Planning students can choose to participate in one of several graduate certificate programs including Geographic Information Systems with the School of City and Regional Planning, Global Development and Sustainable Energy & Environmental Management with Georgia Tech's School of Public Policy, and Historic Preservation with Georgia State University. Graduate Certificates at a Glance Certificate in Geographic Information Systems Global Development Certificate Sustainable Energy and Environmental Management Certificate in Heritage Preservation Certificate in Geographic Information Systems The Certificate in Geographic Information Systems is open to any student pursuing a graduate level degree at Georgia Tech. The certificate is structured around three sets of courses, including a foundational course in GIS, two skills related courses, and one policy context course. For City and Regional Planning graduate students, coursework for this certificate can be counted toward the MCRP or Ph.D. degree. The certificate can be received without taking more than the 55 credits required for the MCRP degree by counting certificate courses as electives in your MCRP program of study. Curriculum for GIS Certificate 1. Foundation Course (3 credit hours): CP 6521 Advanced GIS 2. Two skills courses drawn from the following list (6 credit hours): CP 6531 Introduction to Remote Sensing CP 6541 Environmental Analysis Using GIS CP 6542 Transportation and GIS CP 6570 Socioeconomic GIS CP 8853 Special Topics: Public Health Analytics CP 8883 Special Topics: Spatial Networks CP 8883 Special Topics: Programming for GIS CP 8883 Special Topics: Climate Change Analytics 3. One policy context course drawn from the following list (3 credit hours): CP 6112 Introduction to Land Use CP 6213 Urban Environmental Planning and Design CP 6311 Introduction to Transportation Planning CP 6412 Local Economic Development Planning and Policy CP 6611 Principles of Real Estate Finance and Development CP 6832 Introduction to Urban Design GIS Certificate Completion Form If you have completed the requirements, you need to fill out the GIS Certificate completion form or your certificate will not be awarded. Our staff are only able to process your certificate once you have completed the requirements. Please only submit the form when you have completed the requirements listed above. Complete the Form Global Development Certificate The Graduate Certificate in Global Development is offered by the School of Economics, Sam Nunn School, and the School of City and Regional Planning. The certificate will provide graduate-level training in principles and methods of global development through multidisciplinary courses. Courses will cover a wide variety of topics on the theory, methods, and application of global development. The goal of the 12-credit hour certificate is to increase marketability for students seeking employment opportunities in organizations dedicated to addressing economic development, urban and regional planning, environmental problems and international affairs. Learn about the requirements. Sustainable Energy and Environmental Management (CSEEM) The CSEEM stand-alone certificate program is the first of its kind at Georgia Tech. By taking 4 classes (12 credit hours), you will earn a professional certificate in sustainable energy and environmental management. This professional certificate program can help you earn valuable skills to supplement your current degree program or can be completed as continuing professional education. The CSEEM program is flexible. It can be taken on campus or via distance learning and can be completed part time. The courses required for Certificate program can also count towards the full Master in Sustainable Energy and Environmental Management degree. Read more about the CSEEM Certificate in Heritage Preservation MCRP students in good standing may cross-enroll at Georgia State University to earn a certificate in heritage preservation with an emphasis on historic preservation. Through this cross-enrollment program, students can avoid the additional admission process and cost. Upon completion of additional GSU coursework, students earn the MCRP degree from Georgia Tech and a certificate in Heritage Preservation from Georgia State University. Coursework may be counted toward the MCRP degree, so the certificate can be received without taking more than the 55 credit hours required for the MCRP. View the details on GSU’s site Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in