Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Douglas C. Allen Lecture Douglas C. Allen Lecture This annual lecture on landscape architecture was established and endowed by alumni, faculty and friends in honor of Professor Douglas C. Allen (1947-2014) in appreciation for his long-time dedication to the College of Design (formerly the College of Architecture) as a teacher, colleague, and leader. 2021 Lecturer | Walter Hood Walter Hood is the Creative Director and Founder of Hood Design Studio in Oakland, California. Hood Design Studio is a cultural practice, working across art, fabrication, design, landscape, research and urbanism. He is also the David K. Woo Chair and the Professor of Landscape Architecture and Environmental Planning at the University of California, Berkeley. He lectures on and exhibits professional and theoretical projects nationally and internationally. He was recently the Spring 2020 Diana Balmori Visiting Professor at the Yale School of Architecture. Register for Walter's Lecture 2020 Lecturer | Marcel Wilson As Design Director, Marcel leads the design of all of Bionic's projects with an inventive spirit and personal investment. His portfolio of design and management experience includes waterfronts, infrastructure, universities, high-rise construction, landscapes on structure, and post-industrial sites. He has led the design and management of landscape projects in the United States and Asia. Watch Marcel's Lecture 2019 Lecturer | Mikyoung Kim Mikyoung Kim is an international landscape architect and urban designer and founding principal of Mikyoung Kim Design in Boston, MA. Her firm has been awarded the prestigious Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Museum National Design Award and the American Society of Landscape Architects National Design Medal. Watch Mikyoung's Lecture 2017 Lecturer | Isabel Castilla Isabel Castilla, Principal at James Corner Field Operations, was educated in both architecture and landscape architecture and brings exceptional attention to design creativity, detailing and construction implementation. Watch Isabel's Lecture 2016 Lecturer | Kate Orff Kate Orff is the Founder of SCAPE. Kate focuses on retooling the practice of landscape architecture relative to uncertainty of climate change and fostering social life which she has explored through publications, activism, research, and projects. Watch Kate's Lecture Previous Lecturers 2019 Mikyoung Kim 2017 Isabel Castilla 2016 Kate Orff 2015 Susannah Drake 2014 Martha Schwartz 2014 Christophe Girot 2013 Adriaan Geuze 2012 Michael Arad 2011 George Hargreaves 2010 Peter Walker 2009 James Corner Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in