Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home History, Theory, Criticism History, Theory, Criticism Georgia Tech's School of Architecture has a distinguished record of innovative scholarship in the field of History, Theory, and Criticism. Drawing on the unique range of disciplines and professions within the College and the Institute, faculty contribute to a growing field of cross-cultural studies and interdisciplinary scholarship that use concepts from humanistic, social scientific, and technical disciplines, some traditionally seen as outside the purview of architectural history and theory in order to better understand the material, spatial, intellectual, and ideological dimensions of the physical world. To this end, linkages have been established with the School of Literature, Media, and Communication and with the School of History and Sociology at Georgia Tech’s Ivan Allen College of Liberal Arts. Research Areas Aesthetic Theory Interpretation and Analysis Heritage Documentation and Visualization Design Networks Architectural Practice Research Trajectories Taking advantage of the resources available in the Atlanta metropolitan area and beyond, doctoral students engage questions relevant to the contemporary world, using rigorous scholarship, scientific analysis, and theoretical reflection to promote innovative research that challenges the assumptions on which public and scholarly debate about architecture are often based. The aim of research in History, Theory, and Criticism is thus to position architecture within a wider field of critical, scientific, and cultural inquiry, using international and cross-cultural research, inter-disciplinary work, as well as novel social, cultural, philosophical, and scientific perspectives to expand the scope and range of historical and theoretical inquiry. While centered primarily on modern and contemporary architecture, student interests vary significantly by subject area, period, region, and methodological emphasis. As is evident in the following list of PhD dissertations, doctoral student research in the area of History, Theory, and Criticism focuses on a wide range of subjects within or across a variety of fields, from architecture to urbanism, landscape, and engineering/building technology. Ph.D. Dissertations Prater, Robin Hensley. "The Neo-Georgian Architecture of Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens (1869-1944)." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2017. Advisor: Robert M. Craig Porter, Zachary Tate. "Shifting Grounds of Architectural Practice: Boundary Conditions and Field Formations in the U.S. Design Professions." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2017. Advisor: George B. Johnston Hyun, Myung Seok. "Seeing Architectural Photographs: Space and Time in the Works of Julius Shulman and Ezra Stoller." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2017. Advisor: Sonit Bafna Gokmen, Sabri. "Expansion and Contraction: Goethean Polarity and Architecture." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2017. Advisor: Lars Spuybroek Kim, Hoyoung. "Conceptual Expression and Depictive Opacity: Changing Attitudes Towards Architectural Drawings between 1960 and 1990." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2016. Advisor: Sonit Bafna Mamoli, Myrsini. "Towards of a Theory of Reconstructing Ancient Libraries." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2014. Advisors: Terry Knight, John Peponis Ziada, Hazem. "Gregarious Space, Uncertain Grounds, Undisciplined Bodies the Soviet Avant-Garde and the ‘Crowd’ Design Problem." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2011. Advisor: Sonit Bafna Setiawan, Arief B. "Modernity in Architecture in Relation to Context." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2010. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Rizzuto, Anthony P. "Tectonic Memoirs: The Epistemological Parameters of Tectonic Theories of Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2010. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Zhu, Ying. "Evidence of Existing Knowledge of China and Its Influence on European Art and Architecture in the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Centuries." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2009. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Middleton, Deborah Antoinette. "Growth and Expansion in Post-War Urban Design Strategies: C. A. Doxiadis and the First Strategic Plan for Riyadh Saudi Arabia (1968–1972)." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2009. Advisor: Richard Dagenhart Gharipour, Mohammad. "Pavilion Structure in Persianate Gardens Reflections in the Textual and Visual Media." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2008. Advisor: Douglas C. Allen Din, Edouard Denis. "Emergent Symmetries: A Group Theoretic Analysis of an Exemplar of Late Modernism: The Smith House by Richard Meier." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2008. Advisors: Athanassios Economou, Charles Eastman Hobson, Daphne Louise. "The Domestic Architecture of the Earliest British Colonies in the American Tropics: A Study of the Houses of the Caribbean ‘Leeward’ Islands of St. Christopher, Nevis, Antigua and Montserrat. 1624–1726." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2007. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Kim, Ransoo. "The ‘Art of Building’ (Baukunst) of Mies Van Der Rohe." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2006. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Wolford, Jane N. "Architectural Contextualism in the Twentieth Century, with Particular Reference to the Architects E. Fay Jones and John Carl Warnecke." Georgia Institute of Technology, 2005. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Sobti, Manu P. "Urban Metamorphosis and Change in Central Asian Cities after the Arab Invasions." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2005. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock He, Weiling. "Flatness Transformed and Otherness Embodied: A Study on John Hejduk's Diamond Museum and Wall House 2 across the Media of Painting, Poetry, Architectural Drawing and Architectural Space." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2005. Advisor: John Peponis Morin, Pauline Marie. "Leon Battista Alberti: Architect as Orator." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2002. Advisor: Elizabeth M. Dowling Chanchani, Samiran. "Architecture and Central Public Libraries in America, 1887–1925: A Study of Conflicting Institutions and Mediated Designs." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2002. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Bafna, Sonit. "A Morphology of Intentions: The Historical Interpretation of Mies Van Der Rohe's Residential Designs." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2001. Advisor: John Peponis Kanekar, Aarati. "The Geometry of Love and the Topography of Fear: On Translation and Metamorphosis from Poem to Building." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 2000. Advisor: John Peponis Joyner, John Edward, III. "The Architecture of Orthodox Anglicanism in the Antebellum South: The Principles of Neo-Gothic Parish Church Design and Their Application in the Southern Parish Church Architecture of Frank Wills and His Contemporaries." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1999. Advisor: Robert M. Craig Mical, Thomas. "A Fragmentary Writing: The (Convulsive) Enigma of Eternal Recurrence in De Chirico's ‘Architecture’." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1998. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Rab, Samia. "The "Monument" in Architecture and Conservation: Theories of Architectural Significance and Their Influence on Restoration, Preservation, and Conservation." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1997. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Flores, Carol Ann Hrvol. "Owen Jones, Architect." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1996. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Smith, Albert Cowper, III. "Architectural Model as Machine." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1995. Advisor: Marco Frascari Lee, Dongeon. "Phenomenology, Hermeneutics, and Existentialism as Sources of an Inquiry into the Meaning of Modern Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1995. Advisor: John A. Templer Kim, Sung-Hong. "Visual and Spatial Metaphors of Shop Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1995. Advisor: John Peponis Hayes, Richard Lee. "An Image Architecture: Aircraft Hangar Manifestations." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1995. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Sentosa, Lucas Shindunata. "Continuity and Change in Balinese Dwelling Environments: A Socio-Religious Perspective." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1994. Advisor: Ronald B. Lewcock Lewis, David Correll. "Revealing the Parthenon's Logos Optikos: A Historical, Optical, and Perceptual Investigation of Twelve Classical Adjustments of Form, Position, and Proportion." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1994. Advisor: John A. Templer Lee, Jongkeun. "A Phenomenological Inquiry into the Problem of Meaning in Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1994. Advisor: Libero Andreotti Hyde, Deborah Hayes. "Architectural Education for Building Safety." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1994. Advisor: John A. Templer Chen, Hui-Min. "A Critique on Scientific Rationality in the Production of Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1993. Advisor: Robert T. Segrest Smith, Kendra Schank. "A New View of Architectural Sketches." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1992. Advisor: Marco Frascari Garcia Moreno, Beatriz Teresa. "Contextualist Thought and Architecture." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1992. Advisor: John A. Templer Kenzari, Mohamed Bechir. "A Curious View on Negation and Architectural Creativity." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1991. Advisor: Robert T. Segrest Vancura, Milan Vladislav. "The Architecture of Czech Cubism." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1990. Advisor: Angel Medina Jones, Michael Anthony. "Models for Educating Architects in This Century and the Next." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1989. Advisor: Robert T. Segrest Bloomer, Jennifer Allyn. "Towards an Architecture of Desire: The (S)Crypt of Joyce and Piranesi." Ph.D., Georgia Institute of Technology, 1989. Advisor: Marco Frascari Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in