Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academic Advising Each student in the School of Architecture has access to academic advisors and faculty mentors who can assist students in identifying their individual academic interests and establishing professional, scholarly, and career objectives. The School of Architecture’s administrative team includes two academic advisors to guide, encourage and support students in the pursuit of their educational and professional goals. They provide information about, and facilitate access to, the breadth of student resources available in the School of Architecture, College of Design, and Georgia Tech. The academic advisors are readily available to consult for recruitment and admissions, and provide routine advisement for curricular requirements, course registration, and student support services. They also maintain student records and process institutional forms, including student petitions and special requests. The School of Architecture Chair and Associate Chair are available to all students to assist in resolving any issues that cannot be adequately addressed by the advising team. Architecture students are encouraged to meet with an advisor for any questions or concerns about their academic progress. Advising is required for incoming freshmen, graduating seniors, and students who are not in good academic standing. To schedule an advising appointment, please contact Robin Tucker or Nitra Wisdom. Academic Advising Resources The most successful advising sessions include students who arrive to their appointments prepared and informed. The links below are provided to help students navigate their academic journey. School of Architecture Permit Request Form Please remember that the School of Architecture is only able to grant permits for Arch courses. If you are looking for a permit for a non-Arch course, please reach out to the school that manages the course you need assistance with. Questions? Email Robin Tucker, Academic Advising Manager, robin.tucker@design.gatech.edu, OR Nitra Wisdom, Academic Advisor II, nitra.wisdom@design.gatech.edu in the School of Architecture. No permits will be issued without a completed permit request form. Fill out the form here. Academic and Curricular Logistics Academic Calendar Important registration dates and Institutional deadlines Academic Policies, Procedures, and Forms Access information about Institutional policies, procedures and forms. Advisors on Campus Contact advisors in different departments. Apply to Graduate Click here to apply to graduate. Core Curriculum Information on Core requirements for Undergraduate students. Course Registration Instructions on how to register for classes. Degreeworks Track your degree progress. Please note: Courses in Degreeworks will be appropriately sorted once a final grade has been entered. OSCAR Schedule of classes, registration interface, transfer equivalency table and other important items. Permits and Overloads in Other Departments Information on how to get a permit for a non-ARCH course. Registration Errors A list of common registration errors. Registrar's Forms GT Forms including change of major, declaration of minor, grade mode change, and more. Student Support Resources Success at Tech provides a network of support including academic coaching, tutoring, and peer-led study groups. The Division of Student Life has easy links to student support programs, including the Counseling Center, Disability Services, LGBTQIA Resource Center, the Veterans Resource Center, Women's Resource Center, and the Dean of Students. GT Advising provides helpful information on communicating with faculty, study strategies, test preparation and more Campus Career Center assists with career counseling, job search advice, co-op and internship info, salary calculator tools, etc. Office of International Education provides resources for International students, and information on study abroad, exchange programs, and other international education opportunities. Office of the Dean of Students provides a number of services to assist students with medical and personal emergencies. Office of Disability Services assists students with disabilities obtain the accommodations and services they require. Office of Financial Aid assists with questions about Hope, Zell, scholarships, student loans, financing school, etc. STAR Services: Emergency assistance for basic needs like food, clothing, shelter Student Counseling The Georgia Tech Counseling Center offers a full range of counseling and psychological services provided by counseling professionals to facilitate students’ personal development, assist in the alleviation, remediation, and prevention of distress, and provide services that help students develop self-awareness, self-reliance, and self-confidence. The center also provides individual and group counseling and psychotherapy, as well as a number of ongoing psycho-educational offerings, including relaxation/stress management workshops and support groups. Workshops and groups are open to all Tech students. After-hours crisis counseling is available 24-hours a day and 7 days a week while school is in session by calling 404-894-2575. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in