Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Bachelor of Science in Architecture Bachelor of Science in Architecture Georgia Tech’s undergraduate program in architecture offers a unique educational experience grounded in design, technology, and science. The rigorous curriculum gives students an educational profile that distinguishes them by both their knowledge and know-how. Georgia Tech students learn how to think critically about technology and how to apply new tools to architecture and the challenges of building a better world. Apply Now Studying Architecture at Georgia Tech Our Program The Bachelor of Science in Architecture program at Georgia Tech is a four-year, pre-professional degree program that immerses students in the world of design and introduces them to the field, to material culture, and to creative approaches to problem finding and problem solving. It prepares them for subsequent graduate-level study leading to professional licensure as a practicing architect and to a variety of career paths and entrepreneurial opportunities in fields dedicated to making innovations in design, planning, construction, and business. Our Curriculum The curriculum includes general requirements in mathematics, sciences, computation, humanities, and social sciences that are at the core of a Georgia Tech education. The architecture curriculum includes required coursework in the areas of architectural history, theory, building systems, media & modeling, and design. A substantial portion of electives allows the pursuit of a wide array of minors in other fields or concentrations in particular areas of specialization in architecture. Curriculum Plan Your Opportunities Students are exposed to a range of cutting-edge and emerging topics of both theoretical concern and technical application in the School’s incubator workshops. Flexibility in the last two years of the design studio sequence allows coordinated interdisciplinary collaboration with students from other schools as well as opportunities for international study in organized programs in Europe and Asia. International Education Connect with an Ambassador Our Undergraduate Ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our ambassadors are available to answer questions about our School and share their experiences as architecture students at Georgia Tech. Meet Our Students Architecture Minor and Certificates Architecture is a complex and highly integrative discipline that can provide a foundation for careers in different areas of environmental design and construction as well as provide preparation for other collaborative design processes involving the integration of art and science. The School of Architecture offers an architecture minor and four architecture certificates to undergraduate students. Minor Certificates Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in