Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Certificate in Architecture and Society A majority of human beings spend virtually all of their lives within the built environment, yet few people develop the knowledge to analyze architecture thoughtfully and confidently. The Certificate in Architecture and Society will provide both Architecture majors and students majoring in other disciplines an opportunity to explore the technological and formal innovations of architecture and infrastructure within their socio-political and cultural contexts. They will learn not only about buildings’ technical systems—and their material, structural, and climatic performance—but also about their formal order, siting, use, funding/patronage, relation to nature or the city, decoration, and multiple interpretive contexts (philosophical, political, religious, civic, literary, etc.) This certificate is intended to deepen Architecture majors’ knowledge of the historical traditions, theoretical formulations, and critical assessments of architecture by allowing them to cluster several of their elective courses in an intellectually coherent, focused way. For non-majors, it offers an opportunity to gain expertise and build confidence in the analysis of architecture by learning how to articulate, contextualize, and critique central architectural concepts of the past and present. The 12 semester hour curriculum for this certificate is comprised of two required courses and two electives from an approved list. Certificate in Sustainable Architecture Buildings are the world’s largest consumer of energy and a major contributor to greenhouse gases and other harmful emissions and waste streams. The Certificate in Sustainable Architecture provides undergraduate students who major in Architecture the opportunity to specialize in design and technical innovations that will increase building energy performance, reduce emissions, use eco-friendly materials, and thereby increase the durable societal value of the built environment. The design and retrofit of energy efficient buildings, better material choices and improved occupant comfort are the primary skills acquired at the intermediate level through this certificate. Students will furthermore understand the foundations of sustainability and learn the skills to apply sustainability ratings, understand the operational role of building systems and social value of building form and space and learn the tools to simulate, measure and increase sustainability at the building as well as the urban scale. The 12 semester hour curriculum of the certificate is comprised of three required courses and one elective from an approved list. Certificate in Computational Design Design computation in terms of both technical proficiency and underlying theoretical concepts has become essential to design discourse and the practice of architecture. The Certificate in Computational Design provides undergraduate students who major in Architecture appropriate background and skills in computer-aided design and fabrication by an integrated application of digital design theory and methods, architectural geometry, and digital design technologies relevant to contemporary problems in architectural practice and research. The 12 semester hour certificate curriculum builds upon required pre-requisite courses in media and modeling by linking elective offerings selected from an approved list. This range of courses includes topics in digital theory, architectural geometry, shape grammars, algorithmic design thinking, parametric modeling, scripting, building information modeling, and additive manufacturing techniques. Certificate in Construction Management Juniors and seniors from any Georgia Tech bachelor's program are eligible for the interdisciplinary, professional Construction Management certificate. Students in this program are permitted to participate in Building Construction’s annual Career Fair and related career and networking events, and increases your potential for internships in building construction-related positions. Students in this program may also apply to the Master of Science in Building Construction and Facility Management degree in the School of Building Construction without a GRE. The 12 credit-hour certificate curriculum includes two required courses -- Integrated Design Construction & Development and Construction Management Project -- and two elective courses from an approved list. Connect with our Advisors Our advisors are here to guide you through your decision and your admissions process. Contact Robin Tucker Contact Nitra Wisdom Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in