Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Our STEM-designated Master of Science (M.S.) in Architecture program highlights the strengths of the School in research and design and appeals to both emerging and established practitioners. Apply Now! Design & Research Webinar Our Program The program contributes to the development of the applied knowledge‐base of the profession at a time when new enabling and end‐product technologies, new patterns of global practice and project delivery, and new performance requirements and expectations are transforming professional practice. The M.S. in Architecture degree provides students holding professional degrees in architecture (B.Arch or M.Arch) or with equivalent degrees in allied fields of design or engineering with research‐based knowledge that is applicable to the advancement of professional practice. This year, the GRE will not be required for applications to the M.S. in Architecture. Our Concentrations High Performance Building Design & Health Advanced Production Building Information Systems Design Computation Our Curriculum The curriculum leverages the active research programs in the School of Architecture, including the work of both doctoral and professional-level students and the work of the High Performance Building Lab, the Digital Building Lab and the SimTigrate Design Lab. Students admitted to the M.S. in Architecture program work in one of five concentrations. Individualized programs of study are tailored from among courses in focal areas on the Master of Architecture and Ph.D. programs, and the curriculum may be completed within a one-year residency. Thirty (30) credits are required for the Master of Science in Architecture. The curriculum for the MS is individualized for each student, and students will work with their advisors to fulfill one of the following requirements to complete the program: Participation in a Design + Research Studio Thesis track Capstone course Required courses vary by concentration and may include Environmental Systems, Parametric Design, Advanced Architecture & Behavior, and Design Scripting. Current and past electives include Advanced Productions, REVIT, Building Simulation in Design Practice and Facades Engineering. For more detailed curriculum information on the individual MS programs/concentrations, please contact the Program Director Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in