Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Real Estate Development Certificate Real Estate Development Certificate The School of City and Regional Planning, in cooperation with the School of Building Construction and the Scheller College of Business, offers a certificate in real estate development for undergraduates in good standing at Georgia Tech. The certificate is designed to provide specialized education in real estate development. The certificate makes our students more competitive in securing employment in construction and development sectors, and in advancing to graduate education. Master of Real Estate Development Earning the Real Estate Development Certificate Students must complete twelve credit hours in required and restricted elective courses that must be taken from the College of Design or the Scheller College of Business. Students must maintain a minimum grade point average of 2.7. The certificate is awarded upon graduation or the next semester after graduation. If you have completed the requirements, you need to fill out the Real Estate Development Certificate completion form or your certificate will not be awarded. Our staff are only able to process your certificate once you have completed the requirements. Please only submit the form when you have completed the requirements listed below Fill out the completion form! Certificate Requirements Completion of this certificate requires four courses. You must complete the courses as listed below. Required Courses MGT 3082 Fundamentals of Real Estate Development One of the following two courses: CP 4610: Introduction to Real Estate Development BC 4735 Real Estate Development and Construction Elective Courses Choose two of the following courses: CP 4610: Introduction to Real Estate Development (If not already used to fulfill the required course portion of the certificate.) CP 6611 Principles of Real Estate Finance CP 6640 Real Estate Development Methods ARCH 4151 History of Urban Form BC 3620 Real Estate and Construction Financing and Accounting BC 4640 Construction Marketing BC 4735 Real Estate Development and Construction (If not already used to fulfill the required course portion of the certificate.) BC 6185 Intro to Construction Program Management BC 6375 Trends and Policies for Residential Development BC 6385 Management of Design Phase BC 6500 Real Estate Asset and Income Property Management BC 6575 Real Estate Production Finance BC 6675 Residential Design and Construction MGT 3075 Security Valuation MGT 3078 Finance and Investments MGT 3609 Legal Aspects of Real Estate MGT 4068 Fixed Income Securities MGT 4803 Real Estate Practicum Fill out the completion form! Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in