Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academics Academics Across the spectrum of our undergraduate, professional, and doctoral programs, the School of Architecture brings design and research into a creative tension where innovation thrives. Thinking, designing, and making are co-extensive activities spanning across our classrooms, studios, labs, and in our new curriculum incubators. Students are exposed to the kinds of cutting-edge research, new technologies, and techniques that are redefining the field of architecture. Current Courses Connect With Us Our Degree Programs Bachelor of Science in Architecture Lay the foundation for a wide range of careers/advanced education in architecture, design, and related fields. Master of Architecture Earn your professional degree to lead you to a career in architecture. Master of Science in Architecture Futher your experience in applying research and design to architecture. Master of Science in Urban Design Expand on your education and experiences to enter urban design practices. Dual M.Arch & MCRP Complete both a Master of Architecture and a Master of City & Regional Planning Degree at Georgia Tech. Ph.D. in Architecture Research the intricacies of architecture from history/theory to design technology & more. Architecture Minor and Certificates Architecture is a complex and highly integrative discipline that can provide a foundation for careers in different areas of environmental design and construction as well as provide preparation for other collaborative design processes involving the integration of art and science. The School of Architecture offers an architecture minor and four architecture certificates to undergraduate students. Minor Certificates International Education Georgia Tech offers more than 80 exchange programs and more than 50 programs led by its own faculty, sending 1500+ students abroad each year. All students in the School of Architecture are encouraged to engage in international studies, and undergraduates should consider participating in Georgia Tech's International Plan, an intensive, degree-long program designed to prepare graduates professionally and personally for successful lives in the global environment of the twenty-first century. Explore the World Pre-College Program Have you always been curious about architecture? Do you want to be part of teams designing buildings of the future? Are you interested in learning how to use emerging technologies to design buildings? The Pre-College Architecture "Be the Future" summer studio offers an opportunity for students interested in architecture to get a hands-on experience of what it's like to be an architect. Come join us for an energetic immersion into the field of design and making where students will interact with professors, current students, recent graduates, and local practitioners. Sign Me Up! Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in