Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home International Education International Education Georgia Tech offers more than 80 exchange programs and more than 50 programs led by its own faculty, sending 1500+ students abroad each year. All students in the School of Architecture are encouraged to study abroad. Undergraduates should also consider participating in Georgia Tech's International Plan, a program designed to prepare graduates professionally and personally for successful lives in the global environment of the twenty-first century. Tech Moving Forward As the Georgia Tech community phases in a return to in-person teaching, learning, and working, we will be here every step of the way, providing safety guidelines, information, and updates. For all information about the Fall 2020 semester, including updates about international education programs, please refer to the "Tech Moving Forward" resource page. Tech Moving Forward Georgia Tech: A Leader in International Education Georgia Tech is a leader in the percentage of its students who study abroad (52% for undergraduates) and the School of Architecture encourages all of its students to consider a study abroad experience. The cultural exposure you will gain, the flexibility you will experience, and the confidence you will build while abroad are critical components of the strongest, most advanced preparation for architectural practice and research you can obtain. Your Opportunities with the School of Architecture The School sponsors several international programs that are organized and led by its own faculty. It also provides advising and mentoring for students considering other programs hosted by Georgia Tech or offered by other institutions. The Georgia Tech Architecture programs offer opportunities for studying abroad to both undergraduate and graduate students. All undergraduate programs take place in the summer and offer twelve credit hours at the tuition rate for in-state students. Travel, lodging, and food expenses are additional. You can find out more about each program below. Contact Director of International Education, Sabir Khan Architecture Undergraduate International Studio The Architecture Undergraduate International Studio provides undergraduate architecture majors with a faculty-led, studio-centered, summer semester in Barcelona, an exciting design-oriented destination, where, to a large degree, the city is the classroom. Undergraduate International Studio GT Exchange Program The GT Exchange Program urges its majors to consider a truly immersive experience studying at an institution abroad for either a semester (ideally, the spring semester of junior year) or a year. In addition to or as an alternative to participation in a Georgia Tech faculty-led program, enrollment in a foreign university brings with it greater exposure to another culture, more foreign language practice, and the opportunity to build confidence living and working in another country. GT Exchange Program Greece-Italy Study Abroad Program The Greece-Italy Study Abroad Program was initiated over twenty years ago. Since 1993, Georgia Tech’s Architectonics in Greece and Italy program has introduced works of art and architecture from the Classical Greek, Roman, Renaissance and Baroque world to undergraduate and graduate students from all over the Institute. The program is open to all majors; taught entirely on-site with no classrooms; takes place over seven weeks of travel throughout Greece and Italy; and covers four courses in the History of Art and Architecture for twelve semester credit hours. Greece and Italy Design Develop Build Program The Design Develop Build Program, offered to date in South Africa and Ghana, centers on understanding a place and its people for the humanitarian purpose of providing low-cost, efficient architecture that serves unmet community needs. Students experience the realization of architecture from pre-design and conceptualization studios through construction on site, engaging materials, production schedules, financing, and cost control as part of the process. Design Develop Build International Urban Design Studio The International Urban Design Studio is a joint studio for graduate and undergraduate students in architecture and planning. The studio is conducted at Georgia Tech with a field trip during spring break to the project site, combined with a collaborative workshop with a local architecture and planning school. Recent projects have been in China, India and Taiwan. Open to all graduate students in Architecture, Urban Design, and City Planning. Contact Ellen Dunham-Jones Modern Architecture and the Modern City Program The Modern Architecture and the Modern City Program concentrates on celebrated works of architecture in their equally successful urban contexts. Students live in five cities (which may include Barcelona, Berlin, Copenhagen, Paris, Rotterdam, or others) and visit dozens of significant modern and contemporary sites representing avant-garde design ideas. Modern Architecture and the Modern City Tokyo Smart City Studio The Tokyo Smart City Studio in Spring 2019 investigates one of Tokyo’s central city redevelopment sites. The project aims to develop a smart and ecologically sound community as a pilot project to demonstrate how a smart urban community is designed, evaluated, and implemented in Japan by incorporating experts and stakeholders in the areas of urban design and modeling, urban analytics for big data, IoT (Internet of Things) technology, smart home, smart mobility, eco urban performance evaluation, and green finance industry. Tokyo Smart City Studio Tongji University-Georgia Tech Exchange Program The Tongji University-Georgia Tech Exchange Program is a two-semester program of study that prepares Master of Architecture and Master of City and Regional Planning students for global practice. Architecture students earn an accredited Master of Architecture degree from Tongji University, while City and Regional Planning students earn a Master of Urban Planning degree from Tongji University. Tongji University Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in