Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Dual M.Arch | MCRP Dual M.Arch | MCRP The dual Master of Architecture (M.Arch) and Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP) degree program provides an education for those who wish to engage directly in the process of city building. Apply Now! Our Program The program is intended to meet the needs of planning agencies, consultants, institutions, and architectural firms for graduates who can deal competently with the design complexities of urban areas. School of City and Regional Planning Our Curriculum The curriculum is comprised of the core requirements for each of the two professional programs and, in addition, a set of dual requirements that focus upon urban design as a common ground linking the theory and practice of the two disciplines. The dual curriculum builds upon five major bodies of material: Urban history and design theory as a way of understanding the formal and architectural order of the city Economics and development methods as a basis for formulating development projects Process and methods as a means of understanding professional practice and of designing policies and strategies that can be implemented in a private market regulated by public bodies The performance of design interventions in achieving specified economic, social, and environmental objectives Design studios as a basis for exploring architectural, urban design and development issues utilizing theory, method and professional practice paradigms How to Apply In order to enroll in the program, students must apply separately and be admitted independently to each program. We encourage students to apply to the dual degree program before beginning studies in either program. The program graduate advisors will forward applications on file in response to a request from a student. These materials will be reviewed during the regular admissions schedule in place in the relevant program. Both degrees will be awarded simultaneously. So, please note that students enrolled in the dual degree program may not receive either degree until they have completed the requirements of both degrees. The Dual Degree Program in Architecture requires the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) and a portfolio submission. Contact an Academic Advisor Graduate Ambassadors Get to know Quynh Pham Quynh is a dual Master of Architecture and Master of City & Regional Planning student and serves on the Student Planning Association and Equity in Architecture student organizations. Quynh's undergraduate degree was in landscape architecture, and even during her studies at Georgia Tech, she has been involved with the Atlanta City Studio. Meet Quynh and Other Graduate Ambassadors Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in