Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Atlanta Atlanta We are proud to call Atlanta home. Atlanta is a city bursting with culture and creativity, thriving with a diverse community, and billowing with opportunity, and because of these advantages, we are able to explore the built environment on many scales. Community Engagement Inspiration in Our Backyard As the "City of Neighborhoods," we envision the futures of our suburbs in addition to our urban areas. As a "City in the Forest," we can visualize how nature can be preserved as the world continues to grow and urbanize. As "the ATL," we see the global impact of our work and find ways to make broader connections to communities around the world. Music Atlanta is among the top music cities in the world, serving as a major hub for hip hop and overflowing with music venues, concerts, and festivals, which College of Design students not only love to visit, but perform in as well. Architecture students collaborate with engineers and designers from across campus and the Atlanta music scene. Are you familiar with the School of Music at Georgia Tech? They're designing the future of music! School of Music Art From exhibitions to street art, Atlanta brings out the art-lover inside all of us. Our students benefit from their proximity to the High Museum of Art, the Museum of Design Atlanta, the Goat Farm, and so much more. Even our School showcases the exceptional work of our students in our End of Year Show, which takes place each April. Our End of Year Show Movies Atlanta is home to several film studios and it is not uncommon to receive notice of filming near the School of Architecture. Did you know that a degree in architecture can be applied to careers in production and set design? Our studios often collabroate with the School of Literature, Media, and Communicatons, which has additional ties to the entertainment industry. School of Literature, Media, and Communications Outdoor Activities Atlanta is often referred to as a "City in the Forest". Unlike most large urban areas, our city resides under a lush canopy of trees. With our relatively mild seasons, you can enjoy the great outdoors throughout most of the year. Whether you're looking for a bike path, a park, a river trail, or a mountain climb, Atlanta is full of ways to get outside. Students in the School of City & Regional Planning, with which we offer a dual M.Arch and MCRP program, are designing the future of Atlanta's outdoor spaces! School of City & Regional Planning Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in