Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation Global Development Main navigation Programs M.S. in Global Development Minor in Global Development Graduate Certificate in Global Development Faculty Careers FAQs Open Search Search Global Development at Georgia Tech Global Development at Georgia Tech Georgia Tech's interdisciplinary Global Development programs will prepare you to respond to the challenges of climate change, rapid urbanization, and growing inequality in developing cities. Learn from leading experts in the field and take classes across the School of Economics, the Sam Nunn School of International Affairs, and the School of City and Regional Planning. Why Global Development? Global development is a field that seeks to directly address the critical challenges of advancing sustainability, protecting critical environmental resources, responding to climate change, reducing poverty and inequality, and improving the socio-economic well-being of citizens across the globe. With momentum around the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction, Addis Ababa Action Agenda on Financing for Development, Paris Climate Accords, and the U.N. New Urban Agenda, high-profile efforts of private foundations and international aid agencies and many innovations and new models emerging across sectors, the time is ripe for pursuing a career in Global Development. Practitioners in this vast field may work on issues ranging from urban infrastructure to global health to emerging market investment opportunities. The demand for Global Development professionals is strong and growing. A 2020 study by the Commonwealth Associations of architects, engineers, planners, surveyors, and real estate professionals, identifies acute shortages of professionals in the most rapidly urbanizing parts of the world. Georgia Tech is an institution committed to advancing sustainability worldwide. Our Strategic Plan commits us to prepare our students for global leadership, and to become a central actor in the major global activities for the U.N. Sustainable Development Goads advancement. We have more than a half century of experience educating for city planning, economic development, and international affairs, and are a national leader in study abroad programs. Atlanta is home to headquarters of C.A.R.E., the Carter Center, U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and Habitat for Humanity International, as well as 70 foreign consulates. Few institutions offer the vitality in Global Development education and research present at Georgia Tech. Global Development Programs Master of Science in Global Development Undergraduate Minor in Global Development Graduate Certificate in Global Development Global Development Program Host Schools School of Economics Sam Nunn School of International Affairs School of City and Regional Planning Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in