Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search School of Architecture School of Architecture Embedded in the heart of Atlanta and situated in a Tier 1 research institution, the Georgia Tech School of Architecture combines research, technology, and design to form a well-rounded, interdisciplinary, future-focused education as students prepare to make an impact on the built environment. About the School New Grant, New Phase Last year, Julie Kim's team won a $180,000 grant to continue collaborating with the English Avenue community, identifying needs and planning solutions. This year, they’ve won another $180,000 to build on the momentum of their work. Read the full story Faces of Research: Meet Julie Kim This installment of the Faces of Research Series Q&A series is with Julie Kim, associate professor at the School of Architecture and director of the Flourishing Communities Collaborative, a research lab that serves to educate, advocate, and offer design solutions to neighborhoods that are traditionally under-resourced and underserved by the design disciplines. Read the interview. Kurt Hong Wins 2022 ARCC King Medal Tzu-Chieh Kurt Hong has won a 2022 King Medal from the Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC) for his work on the Shape Machine. ARCC awards one King Medal annually to one student per ARCC member institution. Read more about Hong's dissertation We Are the School of Architecture Explore Our School Our Commitment to Antiracism As a school, we must take the momentum of this moment and build an antiracist infrastructure. Student Work See our students' work currently exhibited in our 2021 End of Year Show. Research Research is a major component of our design studios and courses. See our areas of specialization. Visit Us Connect with our Ambassadors, schedule a tour, and/or attend our events. We're excited to meet you! Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in