Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Science in Urban Design Master of Science in Urban Design The world is at our doorstep, and the big challenges in the age of sustainable development transcend geographical, political, and disciplinary boundaries. World population is urbanizing with unprecedented speed, and urban designers are in high demand to help anticipate the consequences of growth, to envision strategic futures, and to design great places. Apply Now! 2022 Fall MSUD Open House The Program, Curriculum, and Facilities Application processes for the Program, Financial Aid, and Visas What Do Our Alumni Say? Social Life at Georgia Tech Our Program Georgia Tech has been a leader in urban design education since 1969. The emphasis of urban design at Georgia Tech is threefold: to build a culture of collaboration linking requisite knowledge and expertise across fields of architecture, planning, landscape, and engineering; to enable analysis of complex problem sets occupying nebulous zones beyond the limits of a single building, owner, or site; and to facilitate the design of integrated and implementable solutions, whether comprised of structures or systems; of policies, processes, or plans. This year, the GRE will not be required for applications to the MSUD program. MSUD Highlights Q&A With Ellen Dunham-Jones Director of the MSUD program, Ellen Dunham-Jones, responds to your most commonly asked questions. Redesigning Cities Podcast Series This series asks experts in urban design challenging questions about the future of our cities. Student Work Read the papers and projects completed by many of our urban design students. Our MSUD is STEM-Designated! Read more about what this means for our MSUD program. Meet Us Check out our YouTube channel for numerous discussions, tours, and testimonials by current faculty, students, and alumni Follow Us Instagram: georgiatech_msud LinkedIn: Georgia Tech MS in Urban Design Facebook: Georgia Tech MSUD Youtube: MSUD GATECH Our Curriculum The Master of Science in Urban Design (MSUD) Program is a STEM-accredited program, oriented to those who wish to expand upon their previous professional education and professional experience and to enter urban design practices either in private firms or public agencies. The one-year, three-semester MSUD curriculum equips students with the skills to practice urban design in today’s marketplace and the knowledge and vision to tackle global challenges in redesigning and adapting our cities and suburbs for the 21st century. Students with professional degrees in architecture, landscape architecture, city planning, and civil engineering bring their expertise to MSUD collaborative studio projects while learning the core historical, legal, environmental and dimensional knowledge fundamental to the practice of urban design. MSUD Curriculum Plan Your Opportunities The MSUD Program offers an intensive and richly interdisciplinary experience, with required courses in urban design, architecture and city planning, with additional opportunities in civil and environmental engineering, real estate development, heritage preservation and other fields. Students in the MSUD Program are in daily contact with architecture and planning students and faculty throughout the College of Design and in our joint Sino-U.S. Eco Urban Lab; with practitioners and researchers both locally and internationally. Summer travel study programs in Europe and Asia provide enhanced opportunities in the dynamic realm of global urbanization by providing direct experience with the social and environmental challenges driving sustainable urban development. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in