Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Visit Us Visit Us Architecture is a discipline that sits between art, culture, and technology. Georgia Tech architecture students think about the buildings of the future: how to use old buildings in new ways and the new types of buildings people will need all over the world. Then they use emerging technologies to design and develop those buildings, fast. You see, we’re kind of the mad scientists of architecture. We’re able to test and experiment with our designs in ways no other arts-based architecture school can. School of Architecture 247 Fourth Street, NW, Suite 351 Atlanta, GA 30332-0155 Phone +1 404-894-4885 Directions to the College of Design Meet Our Advisors Prospective Undergraduate Students Come see for yourself! Prospective undergraduate students are invited to explore our facilities up-close. An information session with our admissions advisor is followed by a tour of studio and jury spaces, classrooms and computer labs, the design shop, the Galloway Café, and other favorite gathering spots. Information sessions and tours are offered twice a month during the academic year. Sign Up for a Tour Prospective Graduate Students Come see what sets the graduate program at Georgia Tech apart from other schools of architecture. Come to campus and meet our current students. Our graduate ambassadors are ready to answer your questions. Reach out to them here. Applications for the M.Arch, M.S. in Architecture and Ph.D. in Architecture programs are due December 31, 2020. Applications for the MSUD program are due January 15, 2021. Want to see our studios in action? Stay tuned for more information about our upcoming Fall Virtual Open House! Apply Now! Connect with Our Ambassadors Student Ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our Ambassadors are available to answer questions about our school and share their experiences about being a student at Georgia Tech. Meet Our Students Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in