Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Facilities Facilities Primary facilities accommodating students, faculty, and staff of the College of Design include four buildings. The College of Design building is comprised of two wings (East and West) completed in 1952 and 1980 respectively, the Hinman Research building, constructed in 1939 and renovated in 2011, and the Digital Fabrication Lab (DFL) located on Marietta Street. Architecture East The College of Design (formerly the College of Architecture) found its first home in the Architecture East Building, constructed in 1952. The facility was designed by the firm Bush-Brown, Gailey, and Heffernan. Located at 245 4th Street NW, you can find the wood shop, photography studio, the offices for the School of City & Regional Planning, classrooms, the Dean’s office suite, and the Reinsch-Pierce Family Auditorium. Design Shop Architecture West Architecture West was designed by Jerry Cooper, alumnus of the College of the Design in 1979 as an extension to, and complement of, the original architecture building, Architecture East. The administrative offices of the School of Architecture and the School of Industrial Design are located on the second and third floors, respectively. The building houses classroom space and undergraduate computer labs, Galloway Café and student lounge space, jury spaces, and large spacious design studios with views to a verdant campus and beyond to Midtown Atlanta. Hinman Research Building Widely recognized for its design excellence with numerous professional and industry awards, the Hinman Research Building, combines a sensitive rehabilitation of vintage, modern, and utilitarian research lab with an architecturally inventive and experientially rich spatial adaptation re-programmed for design and research instruction. This facility houses design studios for the Master of Architecture and Master of Science degree programs, jury spaces, computer lab, faculty offices, Design Computation and Building Technology research labs accommodating research scientists and Ph.D. student workspaces. Virtual Tour Digital Fabrication Lab The Digital Fabrication Lab is a facility for the fabrication and assembly of full-scale building prototypes and mock-ups. The laboratories and equipment in the DFL support both faculty research and research-based studios and seminars. Students interact with faculty in the DFL in full-semester courses. Much of the coursework, equipment, and research in the lab focuses on the automated production and assembly of building systems using information models and CNC equipment. The lab also houses a small structures and materials lab, a concrete casting lab, and outdoor workspaces for installation and testing of mock-ups. Visit the DFL Research Labs The Hinman Research Building is also home to three research labs: the Digital Building Laboratory (DBL), the High Performance Building Laboratory (HPBL), and the Shape Computation Laboratory (SCL). Research Labs Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in