Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home School of Architecture Alumni School of Architecture Alumni The School of Architecture's 4,500+ living alumni share aspirations and a common past that draws them to each other. Their perspectives and experiences are vital input in keeping the School’s degree programs current and research relevant. We strive to keep our alumni updated on the latest projects, achievements, events, and other worthy information of the School, the students, and fellow alumni! Share Your News We want to hear from you. Share your career and life updates with us. By sharing your story, you are helping us tell the story of the Georgia Tech School of Architecture. We may even share your story with our students, friends, and followers of the School of Architecture! Submit Your News Stay Connected Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn. Sign up for our Alumni Email List to stay up-to-date on current news and events taking place in the School of Architecture. Visit Our News & Events Page Happy 100th Birthday, Malcolm Gailey! Malcolm Gailey holds three degrees from Georgia Tech—Bachelor of Science in Architectural Engineering (1943), Bachelor of Architecture (1951), and a master's degree in structures (1953). He also taught drawing, materials and structural classes at Georgia Tech from 1955 – 1979. So join us in wishing Malcolm a very happy birthday! 🐝 Send Malcolm a Happy Birthday Message! Support the School You can make a direct, positive impact and a lasting legacy on the architectural education for an undergraduate or a graduate student by creating a scholarship or fellowship to help bridge/close the gap in funding their education. Once students have cleared the rigors of admission to Tech, it is vital that we have the resources available for scholarships and fellowships for those with financial need. Learn More Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in