Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Scholarships & Financial Aid Scholarships & Financial Aid The Office of Scholarships and Financial Aid (OSFA) is dedicated to helping students and families apply for and obtain the financial aid necessary to pursue a Georgia Tech degree. Financial advisors are available to assist you and to help you find the answers to your questions. Please visit the OSFA website for additional information including a full list of scholarships available at Georgia Tech. Office of Financial Aid Graduate Teaching Assistantships In support of its missions in teaching and research, the School of Architecture awards a limited number of graduate assistantships (GRA, GTA, and GSA positions) each year to students enrolled in the School of Architecture. How to be a GTA Academic Common Market Residents of 16 southern US states other than Georgia are potentially eligible for in-state tuition for study toward architecture graduate degrees at Georgia Tech. To review states currently approving the Master of Architecture, Master of Science in Urban Design, Master of Science and PhD (with a concentration in Architecture), for out-of-state tuition waiver, and to learn how to propose our degree for out-of-state tuition waiver by other southern states, visit the Academic Common Market webpage and speak with an academic advisor in the School of Architecture. Academic Common Market Connect with an Advisor Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in