Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home News and Events New Grant, New Phase: Flourishing Communities to Build Mobile Learning Lab Last year, Julie Kim's team won a $180,000 grant to continue collaborating with the English Avenue community, identifying needs and planning solutions. This year, they’ve won another $180,000 to build on the momentum of their work. Read the Full Story Kurt Hong Wins 2022 ARCC King Medal Tzu-Chieh Kurt Hong has won a 2022 King Medal from the Architectural Research Centers Consortium (ARCC) for his work on the Shape Machine. ARCC awards one King Medal annually to one student per ARCC member institution. Read more about Hong's dissertation 2022 Spring Final Reviews Interested in seeing our Spring 2022 Final Reviews in action? Follow the link to see the full schedule, locations, and guest jurors. Final Review Schedule A Local Perspective, Globally Realized School of Architecture students recently explored one of the world’s rarest ecosystems to study how architecture can simultaneously protect the environment and elevate human community. As the habitat of the mountain gorillas in Rwanda grows, farmers are being displaced. Georgia Tech student architects met with relocated communities, visited the Ellen DeGeneres Campus of the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund, and presented designs for model communities to house the relocated people. Read the full story Recovering History with Digital Design School of Architecture Assistant Professor Danielle Willkens can do amazing things with digital architecture reconstructions, including taking people back to Selma, Alabama in 1965. A Georgia Tech team exhibit, which won a People’s Choice Award while on display in the Smithsonian’s National Museum of American History recently, will be on display in the School of Architecture. Willkens leads the team of student researchers who created the exhibit. Georgia Tech teams reflect on 2022 ACCelerate Festival Read the full story 2022 ACCelerate Festival Georgia Tech is sending two teams to the 2022 ACCelerate Festival in Washington, D.C. Click on the link to read more! Read More Georgia Tech Team Named 2022 ULI Hines Finalist A team of five Georgia Tech graduate students is one of four finalist teams in the 20th annual ULI Gerald D. Hines Student Urban Design Competition. Read about the competition Shaunitra Wisdom Receives 2021 Diversity Champion Award Shaunitra Wisdom, academic advisor for the Georgia Tech School of Architecture, was recognized as the 2021 Staff Award Winner at the Diversity Champion Awards. The Diversity Champion Awards recognize members of the faculty, staff, and student body who are advancing the principles of diversity, equity, and inclusion within the Georgia Tech community. Read the Full Story Vernelle A. A. Noel Launches AI Project Funded through Mozilla’s Creative Media Awards, “Artificial Intelligence + Carnival + Creativity” shows that AI, which has become another source of oppression for historically marginalized communities, can also be harnessed to extend black creativity and joy. Read the Full Story Keith Kaseman Discusses 9/11 Pentagon Memorial Design We asked Keith Kaseman, assistant professor for the School of Architecture, to reflect on his experiences as a co-designer of the National 9/11 Pentagon Memorial. In early 2003, Kaseman and Julie Beckman's design was unanimously selected from more than 1,100 entries from 65 countries. The memorial was dedicated on September 11, 2008. Read the Full Story Architecture Alumnus Reflects On His 9/11 Memorial Design Michael Arad (M. Arch '99) said he used lessons from School of Architecture professors to guide his design of the 9/11 Memorial and Museum at the World Trade Center site. Twenty years after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Arad told Georgia Tech how his design has become a living part of New York City. Read the Full Story Recent News Elisa Dainese Appointed Assistant Professor The School of Architecture is proud to announce the appointment of Elisa Dainese, Ph.D. as assistant professor. Vernelle A. A. Noel Appointed Assistant Professor The School of Architecture is proud to announce the appointment of Vernelle A. A. Noel, Ph.D. as assistant professor. Our Commitment to Antiracism We must take the momentum of this moment and build an anti-racist educational infrastructure. News Archive Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in