Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master’s Studies Master’s Studies The School of City and Regional Planning offers the Master of City and Regional Planning (MCRP), the Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology (MS-GIST), and the Master of Science in Urban Analytics (MSUA) degrees. The Master of Science in Urban Design (MS-UD) degree, administered by the School of Architecture, utilizes a number of our faculty and courses. To learn more about the MS-UD degree, please visit the information page on the School of Architecture’s website. Apply Now Master of City and Regional Planning Master of City and Regional Planning The MCRP degree program prepares students to excel as professionals capable of understanding and resolving complex urban planning problems. The curriculum gives students both an understanding of the urban and regional environment, and a foundation of skills needed to plan for this environment. Learn about the MCRP Program M.S. in Global Development M.S. in Global Development Global development is a field that seeks to directly address the critical challenges of advancing sustainability, protecting critical environmental resources, responding to climate change, reducing poverty and inequality, and improving the socio-economic well-being of citizens across the globe. The Master of Science in Global Development is a 12-month program designed to prepare professionals for sustainable development work in governments, private development firms, and NGOs in developing countries, primarily in Africa, Asia-Pacific, the Caribbean, and Latin America. Georgia Tech has more than a half century of experience educating for city planning, economic development, and international affairs, and are a national leader in study abroad programs. Learn about the MS-Global Development Program M.S. in Geographic Information Science and Technology M.S. in Geographic Information Science and Technology Geographic Information Science (GIS) is an emerging field of study centered on the acquisition, management, analysis, and dissemination of spatially-referenced information on, above, and below the surface of the earth. The MS-GIST degree program gives students the skillset necessary to enter the workforce after a year of coursework and a final capstone project. Learn about the MS-GIST Program Dual Degrees Dual Degrees Students may participate in dual-degree programs by combining the MCRP degree with the Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology, the Master of Architecture, the Master of Science in Civil Engineering, the Master of Science in Public Policy, or the Juris Doctor degree. Learn more about our dual degrees Global Degrees Global Degrees Our international partnerships allow students to obtain an additional master’s degree from Tongji University in Shanghai, China. Learn more about our global degrees Graduate Certificates Graduate Certificates The School of City & Regional Planning offers certificates in Geographic Information Systems, Global Development, Sustainable Energy and Environmental Management, and Heritage Preservation. Learn about our graduate certificates Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in