Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home About Us About Us Situated in the heart of Atlanta, the School of City and Regional Planning is an internationally recognized leader in education and research. Here at Tech, we leverage advanced technological resources and cutting-edge research to creatively address pressing urban, environmental, economic, and community development issues. Prospective Students Academics Good Places Require Good Planning The School's students, faculty, and researchers work together to create new knowledge and tools for making cities more sustainable, resilient, and just. Students come to our school from around the world and arrive with ambitions to solve the world’s most vexing problems. They illustrate the best qualities of public mindedness and seriousness of purpose, and after graduation join our network of more than 1400 alumni working in 49 states and 31 countries. Georgia Tech's tradition of engaged planning education, coupled with longstanding values of sustainability, justice, resilience, health, and inclusiveness, creates an ideal environment for planning students. Atlanta is among the largest concentration of higher education activity in the U.S., and among the most diverse and rapidly growing metropolitan areas in the country. This affords students direct access to a vibrant laboratory for urban planning and a rich menu of academic opportunities. We Focus On RESILIENCE - We advance the capacities of cities and regions to survive, adapt, and grow in the face of stresses and shocks to achieve sustainable futures. We promote improvements to urban form, infrastructure, and social capital in order to advance prosperity, environmental quality, social justice, and economic and political equity. URBAN ANALYTICS - We leverage the power of informatics and spatial analytics to better understand the forces that drive urban systems, thereby helping to inform community-driven future planning based on our core values of sustainability, justice, resilience, health, and inclusion. INCLUSIVE COMMUNITIES - We facilitate the involvement of the full range of affected stakeholders in decisions concerning the future of cities and regions, with particular attention to under-represented groups, in order to reduce inequality through plan implementation. Accreditation The Georgia Tech Master of City & Regional Planning (MCRP) program is fully accredited by the Planning Accreditation Board. PAB is a joint specialized accrediting body of the American Institute of Certified Planners, the American Planning Association, and the Association of Collegiate Schools of Planning. The MCRP degree is the usual entry credential for a career as a professional planner. MCRP Public Information Get to Know Us Chair's Welcome Read a special welcome message from the chair of the School of City and Regional Planning. History Discover the rich history that serves as a foundation for our programs. Give to the School Learn about the giving opportunities that exist to support the School. Hire a Planner Engage with our School and find out how to hire our students and alumni. Contact Us Get the contact information for our general office and specific staff who can assist you. Plan A Visit Find out how to plan a visit to the School of City and Regional Planning. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in