Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Urban Analytics Given most of the future population growth will be in urban regions, and that these regions will be the key to sustainable development, making cities smarter is critical for future livability. The M.S. in Urban Analytics (MSUA) brings Georgia Tech’s recognized strengths and expertise in data analytics to focus on the critical problems facing urban regions. The School of City and Regional Planning administers this multidisciplinary program in partnership with the H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering (ISyE), School of Computational Science and Engineering (CSE), and School of Interactive Computing (IC). Read the news release Apply for Master of Science in Urban Analytics The priority deadline to apply for Fall is January 15. After the January 15 deadline, applications will be accepted on a rolling basis until March 15. Apply now! Learn about admissions Be On the Cutting Edge Urban analytics is an emerging field that incorporates smart cities, urban informatics, and urban science. The goal of urban analytics is to leverage data science in addressing major issues cities continue to face. These issues include air, water, and land pollution, carbon emissions, traffic congestion, inadequate housing options, and disparities in access to urban services. We believe the skills and knowledge necessary to tackle such challenging urban problems require an integrated multidisciplinary approach.The MSUA at Georgia Tech is the first of its kind in the country. No other program harnesses the power of four ranked schools to teach urban analytics in such a multidisciplinary way. Learn from the Best Georgia Tech has a unique combination of strengths in design, computing, and engineering – all three colleges involved in this interdisciplinary program are top-ranked nationally. You will learn from faculty at the top of their fields across the Georgia Institute of Technology. The MSUA is managed by representatives from all of the involved schools in order to guarantee full integration of each discipline into the curriculum. Ümit V. Çatalyürek Professor and Associate Chair, CSE Santanu Dey A. Russell Chandler III Professor, ISyE William Drummond Associate Professor, SCaRP Subhrajit Guhathakurta Professor and MSUA Program Director, SCaRP Haesun Park Regents' Professor and Chair, CSE John Stasko Regents' Professor and Interim Chair, IC Pascal Van Hentenryck A. Russell Chandler III Chair and Professor, ISyE Curriculum The MS in Urban Analytics degree is a one year program (three semesters), designed to give graduates a core of computing, urban planning, and data analysis and visualization skills to identify, analyze, and solve urban problems. Students will integrate those skills in an interdisciplinary way that other, single-discipline-oriented urban analytics degrees might not, and will experience a depth of urban problems addressable with data analytics. The curriculum includes four learning modules. Each student will complete 6 credit hours of coursework from each of the four modules in the first two semesters. The remaining 6 credits are completed through a summer capstone in smart cities. Module 1: Urban Systems The following courses are required: CP 6525: Introduction to Urban Analytics (3) CP 6552: Design of Smart Urban Systems (3) Module 2: Spatial Analysis Students will pick two of the following courses: CP 6521 Advanced GIS (3) CP 6570 Socioeconomic GIS (3) CP 6541 Environmental GIS (3) CP 6542 Transport & GIS (3) Module 3: Computational Statistics Students will pick two of the following courses: CSE 6010: Computational Problem Solving (3) CSE 6040: Intro to Computing for Data Analysis (3) CSE 6240: Web Search and Text Mining (3) CSE 6740: Computational Data Analysis (3) ISYE 6416: Computational Statistics (3) ISYE 6412. Theoretical Statistics (3) ISYE 6414. Regression Analysis (3) Module 4: Modeling and Visualization Students will pick two of the following courses: ISYE 6501: Intro Analytics Modeling (3) CSE 6220: Introduction to High Performance Computing (3) CSE 6242: Data and Visual Analytics (3) CS 6730: Data Visualization: Principles & Applications (3) CS 7450: Information Visualization (3) CSE/ECE 6730: Modeling and Simulation: Fundamentals & Implem. (3) Real World Experience: Capstone The final semester of the MSUA consists of a capstone course for the remaining 5 credits of study. There is a one-credit preparatory course for the capstone in the spring semester. The capstone experience aims to give students real world experience as they work alongside clients to execute an urban analytics-focused project. Advisory Board Michael Alexander Eric Conklin Carrie Denning Jackson Marta C. Gonzalez Aude Marzuoli Prabir Nandi Geri Miller Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in