Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Curriculum Curriculum Across all of our programs in the School of Architecture, our curriculum plans are comprehensive and apply courses in design technology and research each semester. Our curriculum also incorporates opportunities to participate in interdisciplinary courses in addition to our rigorous discipline-specific courses. Curriculum Plans B.S. in Architecture Students engage with a range of cutting-edge and emerging topics of both theoretical concern and technical application. 2-Year M.Arch Those with a four-year preprofessional degree in architecture may apply for the 2-year M.Arch. 3.5-Year M.Arch Those with an undergraduate degree in a non-architecture discipline can apply to the 3.5-year M.Arch. MSUD This program is for those who wish to expand upon their previous professional education and/or experience. Architecture Certificates We offer four undergraduate architecture certification programs. Accreditation Georgia Institute of Technology, School of Architecture offers the following NAAB-accredited degree programs: Master of Architecture, 3-year track (non-professional degree + 102 semester hours) Master of Architecture, 2-year track (preprofessional degree + 60 semester hours) Next accreditation visit for both programs: 2022 Accreditation Information Student Work We are excited to share our virtual End of Year Show! Browse through our studios and seminars to see the work that took place during the Spring 2020 semester. See Our Students' Work Safety Net - Connect with an Advisor Connect with our Advisors Our advisors are here to guide you through your decision and your admissions process. Contact Robin Tucker Contact Nitra Wisdom Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in