Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Research Research At Georgia Tech, inquisitiveness is an essential trait of the culture of design, and research is the fundamental activity by which we advance this aspiration. The Georgia Tech School of Architecture offers specializations in architecture, culture, and behavior, design technology, history, theory, and criticism, and urbanism. RESEARCH At Georgia Tech, inquisitiveness is an essential trait of the culture of design, and research is the fundamental activity by which we advance this aspiration. This is particularly true of our programs of study in the School of Architecture. Faculty pursue rigorous, creative programs of scholarship and research in architecture across the grain and between the cracks of the sciences and humanities, technologies and practices. This work inspires a deepened appreciation of our multiple contexts while setting the stage for progress both in the profession and in society at large. It is simply the driving force for all we do. SPECIALIZATIONS Specializations We conduct research in areas of architecture, culture, and behavior, design technology, history, theory, culture, and urbanism. Students in our programs participate in these research areas and often collaborate with other Schools at Georgia Tech to further develop explorations on these topics. Architecture, Culture, and Behavior Architecture reflects and creates the human experience. The evolution of organizations, economies, technologies, and culture continuously redefines the way in which built space supports and makes intelligible patterns of everyday life, work, communication, collaboration, exchange, learning, and creativity, or the identity of communities and institutions. Our Research In This Area Building Design Technology Digital information technologies have profoundly affected architectural discourse and practice. New types of representation and manufacturing, emergent materials and technologies, innovating modes of collaboration and project delivery, all constitute a profoundly new discourse that has revolutionized the ways architects design, think and talk about architecture, design and buildings. Our Research In This Area Design Computation Design Computation explores the theoretical and practical basis of design as a computational premise. The possibility of design is viewed through the lens of the history and theoretical foundations of fields as diverse as computer science, mathematics, AI, logic, and cybernetics. Our Research In This Area History, Theory, Criticism Drawing on the unique range of disciplines and professions within the College and the Institute, faculty contribute to a growing field of cross-cultural studies and interdisciplinary scholarship that use concepts from humanistic, social scientific, and technical disciplines, some traditionally seen as outside the purview of architectural history and theory in order to better understand the material, spatial, intellectual, and ideological dimensions of the physical world. Our Research In This Area Urbanism Our research into urbanism seeks to understand how we shape our cities to provide the highest quality of life, share resources equitably, promote ecological performance and address unprecedented 21st century challenges. Highly collaborative, researchers in urbanism partner with sponsors around the planet and colleagues across Georgia Tech – especially those in the highly ranked School of Civil and Environmental Engineering and School of City and Regional Planning. Our Research In This Area School of Architecture Research Labs Flourishing Communities Collaborative High Performance Building Lab Shape Computation Lab Spatial Futures Lab College of Design Research Centers The School of Architecture works closely with two College of Design research centers, the Digital Building Lab, and SimTigrate Design Lab. Digital Building Lab SimTigrate Design Lab Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in