Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home M.S. in Geographic Information Science & Technology M.S. in Geographic Information Science & Technology Geographic Information Science (GIS) is an emerging field of study centered on the acquisition, management, analysis, and dissemination of information that is spatially-referenced to locations on, above, and below the surface of the earth. This field is highly trans-disciplinary with substantial and growing importance in a number of traditional academic disciplines and related professions including: City and regional planning Architecture Civil and environmental engineering Earth and atmospheric sciences Environmental science Public policy Sustainability studies The Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology (MS-GIST) degree is a STEM designated program. Admissions Checklist Apply Now Short-term Study with Life-Long Impact Students can complete the 34-credit hour curriculum for the Master of Science in Geographic Information Science and Technology (MS-GIST) in one calendar year. The curriculum includes two semesters of full-time coursework and a capstone project course offered during the summer. Part-time students may complete the program in two or three academic years plus one summer session for the capstone project and systems design courses. The MS-GIST degree provides students with a common core of required knowledge, a strong foundation of technology skills, and the flexibility to apply those skills to a broad range of professional and academic fields. Our MS-GIST graduates have the option to continue to view themselves as members of traditional professions such as engineering, environmental science, or architecture, or to place themselves within the newly-emerging professions directly related to geospatial technologies. Prerequisite Course A basic understanding of GIS technology is required as a prerequisite of the degree program. This may be achieved through one of four options: CP 4510 Geographic Information Systems (3-0-3) or CP 6514 Introduction to Geographic Information Systems (3-0-3) or Equivalent coursework at another institution (as evaluated by the program director) One year of equivalent professional experience (as evaluated by the program director) Core Courses The required GIS courses (with lecture hours, lab hours, and credit hours) are: CP 6066 Visualization for Planners (1) CP 6024 Quantitative and Computer Methods (4) CP 6521 Advanced GIS (3) CP 6531 Introduction to Remote Sensing (3) CP 6581 Programming for GIS (3) CP 6591 GIS Professionalization (1) CP 6592 Capstone Project Research (1) CP 6595 GIS Systems Design and Management (3) CP 6596 GIS Capstone Project (3) Specialized GIS Courses Beyond the basic core of geospatial technology there exists a wide range of specialized GIS data sources and analytical methods. MS-GIST students are required to take a minimum of two specialized GIS courses that focus on the application of GIS technology to specific areas. These courses must be approved by the MS-GIST program director. They may include (but are not limited to): CP 6570 Socioeconomic GIS (3-0-3) CP 6541 Environmental GIS (3-0-3) CP 6542 Transport & GIS (3-0-3) INFO 530 Geographic Information Systems for Public Health (in the Emory School of Public Health) Free Electives Students can select two additional courses as free electives. These will typically include additional specialized GIS courses or courses in GIS-related substantive areas such as city planning, architecture, public policy, civil engineering, or environmental engineering. Curriculum The core of the MS-GIST program is delivered through a body of courses offered by the School of City and Regional Planning. These include courses on quantitative methods, advanced geographic information systems (GIS), remote sensing, transportation GIS, environmental GIS, and socioeconomic GIS. A full breakdown of the requirements can be found in the MS-GIST Student Manual and on the official GT course catalog. View MS-GIST Student Manual GT Course Catalog Meet the MS-GIST Program Director Clio Andris Clio Andris is an associate professor in the School of City and Regional Planning and the School of Interactive Computing at Georgia Tech. She directs the Friendly Cities Lab and conducts research on mathematical models of social networks, social flows, and interpersonal relationships, applied to issues of urban planning, visualization, transportation, and geography. We are here to make the most out of your Master's education. We encourage those interested in the MS-GIST program to reach out to Clio Andris with questions about pursuing a MS-GIST at Georgia Tech. Email Clio Andris Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in