Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search School of City & Regional Planning School of City & Regional Planning The School of City and Regional Planning is dedicated to crafting communities that are sustainable, just, resilient, healthy, and inclusive through world-class education and cutting-edge research. About the School Admissions Explore Our Programs Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in GIS Technology Master of Science in Urban Analytics Dual Degrees Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Minor in Sustainable Cities Upcoming Information Sessions February 9, 2022 Minor in Something Major 11:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m. (EST) Sustainable Cities Minor Information Session (in-person) Hiring Begins for Entrepreneurship Study The first research assistant has joined the interdisciplinary team studying the relationship between merit scholarships and entrepreneurship careers. This marks the very first step of a three-year collaboration between Georgia Tech's School of City and Regional Planning (SCaRP), the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business, and Georgia State University's Andrew Young School of Policy Studies. Read the full story Georgia Tech Planning Studios Tackle Top Urban Concerns As the Nation’s cities watch Atlanta deal with the ups and downs of an ever-changing and industry-rich urban landscape, Georgia Tech’s School of City and Regional Planning studios serve as a barometer for the most crucial urban challenges. The School's faculty have close ties and long-held connections to planners in the city of Atlanta. The city's landscape is a testimony to Georgia Tech’s creativity and insight: The Atlanta Beltline, Atlantic Station, and Chattahoochee Now were all first imagined in SCaRP studios. This semester, the School’s studios tackled issues of affordable housing, smart growth, a unique urban master plan, and sustainable cities. Read the full story Celebrating 70 Years of Women at Tech Catherine Ross To mark the 70th-anniversary milestone, Georgia Tech asked some of the women who have contributed to the Institute’s growth in leadership, research, and teaching. These women, including College of Design's Catherine Ross, shared thoughts on their early days at Tech, proudest achievements, changes they would like to see, and advice for the next generation. Read Catherine Ross's story Read the Institute's feature Join Our Prospective Student Email List Interested in learning more about the School of City & Regional Planning? Want to hear about our upcoming information sessions? Do you need a reminder to start on your application as deadlines approach? Sign up here to join our mailing list for interested students! Sign up! Get to Know Us Academics Explore our various academic programs at the undergraduate, master's, and doctoral levels. Admissions Learn about the admissions process and begin your application today! Research & Engagement Discover what our students and faculty are passionate about. Student Life Picture what your life on campus could be like while you learn in one of our programs. Georgia Tech Celebrates Global Development Week Georgia Tech is celebrating Global Development Week this year with a week-long series of events in connection with the launch of Georgia Tech’s new Master of Science in Global Development, a degree dedicated to educating the next generation of global development leaders. Read the full announcement City Solutions for Those Most Vulnerable to Heat, Blackouts Last year, Brian Stone’s five-year heat wave study showed that temperatures in major cities were hotter than they used to be, and power outages during heat waves had doubled since 2015. This year, both trends have continued, and the electrical grid is at even greater risk. “We’re not seeing any reduction in the risk of infrastructure failure during hot weather,” Stone, a professor in the School of City & Regional Planning, said. Read the full story Latest News Andris's Work Featured in Washington Post The featured article talks about how chain and independent restaurants presence reflects partisanship. Mike Dobbins Speaks Out in Saporta Report Dobbins discussed the Comprehensive Development Plan and its implications for housing affordability. Urban Analytics Degree Featured on GPB Radio Guhathakurta spoke about the program and its goal of training cities' future problem solvers. Clayton & Team Wins Research Grant The grant will be used to study relationship between merit-based scholarship and highly valued entrepreneur career paths. New Research on Electric Grid Failure Brian Stone's research on heat waves was published in EST and The New York Times. Linking Transportation, Housing, & Health Catherine Ross Tells U.S. House of Representatives: ‘Link Transportation, Housing, and Health for Infrastructure Redesign’. Ross Reappointed Regents Professor The Board of Regents (BOR) appointed 12 Georgia Tech faculty members to Regents Professors. Student Planning Association Wins Award SPA won the American Planning Association's 2021 Outstanding Planning Student Organization Award. Equity, Justice & Inclusive Design Fellowship We believe it is essential that the next generation of planning leaders include those who come from communities of color. Their often-unheard voices must be amplified for us to create just, equitable, and inclusive communities for all. In order to do so, we are creating two Equity, Justice & Inclusive Design Fellowships for aspiring graduate students who are Black, indigenous, or of color who need financial assistance to attend Georgia Tech. We have been awarding these fellowships since Fall 2021, and we need your help to expand our efforts. Donate Now Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in