Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home 2021 End of Year Show 2021 End of Year Show We are excited to share our virtual End of Year Show! Browse through our studios and seminars to see the work that took place during the 2020-2021 academic year. Undergraduate Studio Work View the work from the First-Year, Sophomore, Junior, and Senior Bachelor of Science in Architecture studios. See Our Students' Work Graduate Studio Work Check out the work from our Core II, Advanced, and Design & Research Master of Architecture studios. See Our Students' Work Courses and Electives See the work from Construction Tech II, Material Diversions, Computation & Repair in Design, Environmental Systems, and Representing Renovation from the Spring 2020 elective courses. See Our Students' Work 2020 End of Year Show See the work from the 2020 End of Year Show including undergraduate and graduate studio work and seminar and course work from all degree programs. 2020 End of Year Show 2021 Portfolio Winners Media Inquiries Ann Hoevel Director of Communications College of Design E-mail Ann Hoevel +1 404-385-0693 Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in