Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Transfer Students Transfer Students Have you always been curious about architecture? Do you want to be part of teams designing buildings of the future? Are you interested in learning how to use emerging technologies to design buildings? Our current transfer students thought the same thing and made the leap. You can, too! Come join us in the School of Architecture. We’ll have a seat waiting for you. Transfer Admissions Getting Started A complete course transfer evaluation will be done when you have been accepted to Tech. The Institute will determine whether you have completed courses that transfer credit. You can find more information at http://admission.gatech.edu/transfer A listing of common transfer credits for many colleges and schools is available online. Do I need to start in ARCH1009 to begin my design studies? First-time freshmen must enroll in ARCH1009 to begin their design studies. Students with previous college-level coursework may request a portfolio/transcript review to determine whether advanced studio placement is appropriate. For design studio work or other architecture-related course work, you should provide course descriptions, syllabi, and a portfolio for review by the Chair of the School of Architecture. If I place into a higher-level studio, do I still need to earn a minimum number of credits to graduate? Yes. Additionally, the School of Architecture may require specific courses to replace any lower level studios not taken at Georgia Tech. Contact Academic Advisor, Robin Tucker Connect with an Ambassador Our ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our ambassadors are available to answer questions about our School and share their experiences as architecture students at Georgia Tech. Meet Our Students Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in