Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Chair's Welcome Chair's Welcome Welcome to the School of City & Regional Planning! We are thrilled that you are considering Georgia Tech for your journey to become a planner! We offer four degree programs tailored to your interests and skills: Master of City and Regional Planning, M.S. in Urban Analytics, M.S. in Geographic Information Science & Technology and Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning. In addition to these degree programs, we offer Graduate Certificates and Dual Degree Programs in collaboration with other Schools and Colleges as well as an Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities. Meet the team Our plans for the future It is an exciting time to be a planner. Rising social tensions, a climate under crisis, persistent issues related to access and equity, and rapidly evolving technologies with their intended and unintended consequences call for planners’ involvement to transform communities and quality of lives. If we are to survive these challenges, we need to create cities and regions that are economically viable, environmentally sound, and socially just. That’s where the planners come in. We understand different themes and how they work together, from mobility to economy, from health to social justice, environmental sustainability and resilience. We project the intended and unintended consequences of various policies, technology disruptions and planning innovations. Planning is key for developing sustainable and resilient cities and regions. At Georgia Tech we train planners that are dedicated to creating sustainable cities and regions with their savvy use of problem-solving skills that engage people and cutting-edge technologies. We have been training planners since 1952. We have an enthusiastic and involved network of graduates all over the world. Our graduates are highly sought after and many alumni are leaders of various government, non-profit and for-profit organizations. Indeed, our placement rates for planning graduates in planning or planning related jobs has ranged 87-100 percent each year for the past five years. Our School has strong relationships with other schools within the College of Design and across campus in Engineering, Computing, and Public Policy. Many of our faculty hold joint or adjunct appointments in these other units. Our students get involved with and take classes from other Schools and programs on campus. While our students are exposed to cutting edge research and most recent ideas in the planning field, they learn to apply their skills to real-world problems at hand. We use our home, Atlanta metropolitan region, as a living and teaching lab. Through our collaborations and programs abroad, our students also have been able to work on planning issues in China, Japan, India, and Mexico. Two College of Design research centers are led by our faculty. The Center for Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization (CSPAV) and the Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development (CQGRD), together with the Eco-Urban Lab, Healthy Places Lab, Planning Local Economic Development Lab, Urban Climate Lab, and projects from School faculty have generated research funding of about $4 to $5 million each year during the last 5 years. We have much more information about our programs, student life, financial aid, research, personnel, and admissions procedures on our web pages. We look forward to having you as part of our team. Gulsah Akar Professor and Chair, School of City and Regional Planning Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in