Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Community Community We are strengthened by our community in Atlanta, and we are further empowered by our communities around the globe. Whether you are a current student, an alumni, a current or former faculty member, a friend of the School, or a professional looking to connect with our School, we value you as a member of our community. Community Engagement Flourishing Communities Collaborative Flourishing Communities Collaborative (FC2) is an academic lab, committed to community engagement and social outreach. Student Organizations We have a number of student organizations that are actively involved in community engagement and outreach. Alumni Our alumni support us in many ways by participating on juries, offering students portfolio feedback, and so much more. Serve-Learn-Sustain Serve-Learn-Sustain is a campus-wide academic initiative working with all six colleges to offer students opportunities. Meet Our Ambassadors Our ambassadors are faculty-nominated undergraduate and graduate student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Ambassadors are available to answer questions about our School and share their experiences about being a student at Georgia Tech. Read their profiles and reach out through email or follow them on Instagram. Our ambassadors will greet you when you visit and show you why Georgia Tech is the best place to study architecture. Meet Our Students Meet Our Ph.D.s Professional Development Public Lecture Series Our lectures and symposia are open to the public. Stay up-to-date on our School's news & events. Professional Development Stay up-to-date on opportunities for professional development by attending School of Architecture events. Advanced Photovoltaic System and Microgrid Design This course (PV 305) provides an integrative understanding of PV systems, energy storage, and microgrids. BuzzworthySoA Stay up-to-date on all things School of Architecture! BuzzworthySoA is our weekly e-newsletter. Sign up to receive news about the School, upcoming events, job postings, scholarships, and competition postings. Looking to hire our students? You can submit a "Hire Our Students" form, which we use for job postings in BuzzworthySoA. Sign Me Up! Submit a Job Request Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in