Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Flourishing Communities Collaborative Flourishing Communities Collaborative Flourishing Communities Collaborative (FC2) is an academic lab, committed to community engagement and social outreach. We engage in educating, leading, and serving by working with the community in a range of different settings. We are a multi-disciplinary laboratory whose vision is to leverage the resources at Georgia Tech for the city by building upon the strengths of its neighborhoods. Past and Current Projects About FC2 We are guided by the question: How can people be key operators in inspiring and creating new ecological, equitable, and flourishing urban environments and spaces? Our mission is to educate the leaders for tomorrow’s local and global landscape. We endeavor to: Actively lead and serve in a collaborative effort to affect positive physical and social change in our urban landscapes Educate and provide leaders for current and future urban revitalization You can find more about the program in our publications on Issuu: Flourishing Communities Collaborative and Open Doors: Reimagining the Future Director, Julie Ju-Youn Kim AIA NCARB, julie.kim@design.gatech.edu Managing Director, W. Ennis Parker AIA, ennis.parker@design.gatech.edu Leadership and Service FC2 seeks to lead and serve by: providing opportunities for community outreach and engagement fostering interdisciplinary work in design, construction, and engineering supporting student interaction with the professional community educating leaders for current and future local and global urban landscapes We are committed to provide an excellent and unique educational experience grounded in design, technology, and professional practice. FC2 seeks to enhance leadership capacity while producing sustainable and creative projects. We see the Flourishing Communities Collaborative as an innovative 21st century educational model blending the academy and practice. Program Structure FC2 is fundamentally rooted in community engagement, social outreach, and education. We offer a platform for students to learn alongside faculty and professionals, much like a teaching hospital. Our students learn the valuable skill of creative listening which leads to creative thinking and making. By bringing the resources we have at Tech to underserved and under resourced communities, we support neighborhoods by providing design services and bringing realizable ideas to them. We engage in educating, leading, and serving by doing urban community projects. Our outreach efforts are offered via design studios and workshop seminars so our students can earn course credit while gaining invaluable experience working with a larger community. We look forward to establishing internships for students to earn AXP credit while building critical skills in practice. Participants and Community Involvement Participants include: Undergraduate and graduate students Georgia Tech faculty Professionals Community The specific role of the non-faculty practitioners is to manage, design, and mentor as a consulting professional partner. Paramount to the objectives of our proposal, practitioners help students develop and hone their abilities in clear communication and effective collaboration. These valuable skills build our students’ capacities to be leaders in the profession. Community involvement is critical. FC2 is committed to working with those communities who would otherwise not have access to professional design services. Past community groups include Better Living Together, and, most recently, the First United Methodist Church in College Park. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in