Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Urbanism Urbanism To paraphrase Aristotle, cities are where we learn to live together well. Our research into urbanism seeks to understand how we shape our cities to provide the highest quality of life, share resources equitably, promote ecological performance and address unprecedented 21st century challenges. Highly collaborative, researchers in urbanism partner with sponsors around the planet and colleagues across Georgia Tech – especially those in the highly ranked School of Civil and Environmental Engineering and School of City and Regional Planning. Research Areas Ecological Infrastructure Neighborhood Analytics Spatial Morphology Retrofitting Suburbia Smart Cities Current Research Our work in urbanism takes varied forms. Empirical analyses and longitudinal studies measure a range of performance criteria for diverse urbanisms. Case studies document advanced urban design strategies for neighborhood-scale integration of architecture, landscape architecture, and infrastructure design and systems. Modeling and simulations test the environmental sustainability and resilience of urban design proposals. Sponsored research-focused urban design studios test broad-based research findings by integrating them with local stakeholder input and specific community attributes into sustainable design solutions for contemporary real estate development that anticipate technological, demographic, and environmental changes. Research Labs and Related Programs Eco Urban Lab Brook Byers Institute of Sustainable Systems Center for Quality Growth and Regional Development Spatial Planning Analytics and Visualization IPaT | Institute of People and Technology Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in