Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow The Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellows is an initiative at the School of Architecture intended for young faculty who are at the beginning of their careers and interested in interdisciplinary teaching and research that merges design, technology, and culture. Logman Arja, Ventulett Fellow 2020-2022 Logman began his two-year term as Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow in the Fall 2020 semester. His research focuses on RURALISM in architectural discourse and additive manufacturing technology in rural communities and contexts. As a proponent of interdisciplinary research, teaching, and experience, Logman offers his students the opportunity to work in new places, ecologies, and perhaps with new approaches. Meet Logman Arja Ryan Roark, Ventulett Fellow 2019-2021 Ryan began her two-year term as Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow in the Fall 2019 semester and is an architectural designer and writer who focuses the role of history in building design and urban planning. She was a 2017 KPF Paul Katz Fellow in London, where she studied different typologies of design interventions into old buildings and the attitudes to history they represent. Her NEXT Fellowship research and design work at Georgia Tech will continue this formal, tectonic, and historical investigation as well as examining the role augmented and mixed reality will play in the design of the 21st-century city. Meet Ryan Roark Vernelle A. A. Noel, Ventulett Fellow 2018-2020 Vernelle began her two-year term as Ventulett NEXT Generational Visiting Fellow in the Fall 2018 semester. As a research scientist, computational designer, artist, and architect, Noel’s work largely focuses on craft and cultural design practices, computational making, and lightweight architecture. Meet Vernelle Noel Jonathan Dessi-Olive, Ventulett Fellow 2017-2019 Jonathan served as the School of Architecture's first Ventulett NEXT Visiting Fellow. His work takes a critical approach to technology while integrating history and theory of architecture, contemporary compression-only construction, and computational design. Jonathan is now an assistant professor of architecture at Kansas State University. Meet Jonathan Dessi-Olive About the Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellows The Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellows is a new initiative at the School of Architecture intended for young faculty who are at the beginning of their careers and interested in interdisciplinary teaching and research that merges design, technology and culture. Fellows teach design studios and workshops at both the undergraduate and graduate level and participate actively in the life of the school. The workshops can be used to assist the Fellows in their own directed design research that will result in a public exhibition and lecture at the school. Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellows are given an unparalleled opportunity to advance their individual interests through teaching and design research utilizing the full resources of the College of Design including our Digital Fabrication Lab that houses a suite of industrial-scale CNC equipment. Fellows conduct interdisciplinary work with junior faculty from other schools within the College of Design and across campus including computing, engineering, and science, and are given support in making these connections. Fellows also have the opportunity to work with SoA research faculty and Ph.D. students on projects of common interest. Announcements for new Fellow applicants are made each fall and applications are reviewed beginning in November of each year. Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in