Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Career Services Career Services Career advising and mentoring is provided by the faculty in the School of Architecture. Students may arrange for individual meetings with the faculty and are strongly encouraged to attend the annual School of Architecture Career Fair. Students may contact School of Architecture faculty members directly to schedule an appointment or arrangements can be made through the School's Advising Office. The Georgia Tech Career Services staff encourages students to realize their full potential by assisting them in obtaining educational and occupational information, developing effective job search skills, and ultimately attaining their employment and/or graduate school goals. Their program and services include career counseling, career fairs and seminars, coaching on resume writing and interview skills, and an internship/job board. NCARB AXP Career Fair The Schools of Architecture and City & Regional Planning at Georgia Tech hosts a Career Fair during the Spring semester to help connect the design community and other employers with prospective applicants from among their 400 students. The fair is held annually and is highly anticipated by firms and alumni. This year, the Career Fair will be held on Wednesday, February 9 and managed by the Georgia Tech Career Center. What to Expect at Career Fair Student Practicum Program Practicum placements are arranged at top architecture firms in cities around the US for the week of Spring Break. Apply for the Practicum Program Alumni Interaction The School of Architecture's 4,500+ living alumni share aspirations and a common past that draw them to each other. Students are encouraged to follow the Georgia Tech School of Architecture on LinkedIn. Mentor Jackets is an alumni-to-student mentoring program organized by the Georgia Tech Student Alumni Association. Mentors and mentees develop their partnership through face-to-face interactions, electronic communications, telephone conversations, and programming. Get Involved Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in