Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Academy of Medicine Lecture Academy of Medicine Lecture This series was endowed by the non-profit organization Atlanta Medical Heritage, Inc. to establish a lecture series focusing upon the continuing influence of architecture in the classical tradition and its relevance for contemporary architectural research and practice. These annual lectures from prominent practitioners and scholars in the field offer insightful accounts of how new tools are being critically and creatively deployed to reimagine the humanistic tradition in architecture. 2021 Lecturer | Dr. Perry Carter Dr. Perry Carter is an associate professor of Geography in the Department of Geosciences at Texas Tech University. Dr. Carter's research focuses on human, social, urban and economic geography. More About Perry's Lecture 2020 Lecturer | Heather Hyde Minor Heather Hyde Minor is a professor of art and architectural history at the University of Notre Dame. A specialist in the history of European art and architecture from 1600 to 1800, Prof. Minor's scholarly interests include the city of Rome, prints and print culture. Her most recent book, Piranesi's Lost Words, was published by Pennsylvania State University Press in 2015. More About Heather's Lecture 2018 Lecturer | Ingrid Rowland Ingrid Rowland, a professor of architecture for Notre Dame, writes, and lectures on Classical Antiquity, the Renaissance, and the Age of the Baroque for general as well as specialist readers. Watch Ingrid's Lecture Previous Lecturers 2014 Allan Greenberg 2014 Diane Favro 2013 Leon Krier Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in