Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home What to Expect at Our Career Fair What to Expect at Our Career Fair We are excited to invite you to participate in the Spring 2022 College of Design Career Fair. This annual career fair helps connect the design community and other employers with approximately 400 prospective applicants from the Schools of Architecture and City & Regional Planning. The Georgia Tech Career Center will manage this year's fair. College of Design Career Fair (In-Person) Wednesday, February 9th 1:00 p.m. – 5:00 p.m. McCamish Pavilion 2021 Participating Firms Employer Registration Registration Please register by January 25, 2022. For additional career fair details, please visit the event website. Registration Fee Large firm (over 15 employees): $350 Small firm (15 employees or less), Government, Non-profits: $200 *Payment is recommended at the time of registration or before the payment deadline of January 28, 2022. Who Participates in Career Fair? Programs from the Schools of Architecture and City & Regional Planning participate in our Career Fair. After registration closes, we will share the list of all firms participating in the 2022 Career Fair. Due to the virtual nature of our Career Fair this year, firms from around the country can connect with our students. Architecture Programs City & Regional Planning Programs Interviews On-site Interviews ($150/space) Host your interviews at the career fair, but capacity is limited. Interview spaces are available on a first-come, first-serve basis and need to be reserved during the registration process. Interviews After the Fair (Free) Reserve interview rooms at the Career Center and/or set up virtual interview schedules by contacting the Employer Connections team at employerconnections@career.gatech.edu Thank you for your continued support of Georgia Tech.  We look forward to seeing you on campus. If you would like to discuss additional recruiting initiatives or have any questions, please contact Employer Connections at employerconnections@career.gatech.edu The Georgia Tech Career Center The Georgia Tech Career Center provides quality career education for every student. Our team partners across campus, and around the globe, with students, employers, faculty, and alumni to support students’ career aspirations. Registration or Career Fair questions? Ask the Career Center! Employer Resources Our in-person career fair is moving from the West Architecture building to McCamish Pavillion, with the GT Career Center facilitating registration and event logistics. The following information about Georgia Tech campus, the area of Midtown, Atlanta, that surrounds it, and general visitor guidance should help you plan your trip. McCamish Pavillion Parking Information Hotels and Restaurants Shipping Information FAQ Covid-19 Information Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in