Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Portman Prize Studio Critic Portman Prize Studio Critic The purpose of the Portman Prize and the Portman Visiting Critic Program is to foster design excellence and student creativity in the School of Architecture at Georgia Tech. Recognizing student accomplishment and excellence in the integration of technical considerations is a key constituent of the design process pursued through the Portman Prize. It is awarded through competition by a distinguished jury chaired by the Portman Visiting Critic who also participates over the semester as a roving design studio critic and public lecturer. The competition jury awards ranked prizes, each carrying monetary awards. The top prize winner is also offered a summer internship in the office of John Portman & Associates. 2022 Portman Prize Studio Critic Guy Nordenson, founding principal of Guy Nordenson and Associates Guy Nordenson is a structural engineer and professor of architecture at Princeton University. He has been the engineer for over 200 projects, including the National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington DC, Santa Fe Opera House, Toledo Glass Pavilion, the International African American Museum, and Emmanuel Nine Memorial, in Charleston SC, and oversaw the design of David Hammons’ Day’s End sculpture in the Hudson River. Meet Guy Nordenson Portman Prize History The Portman Prize and Portman Visiting Critic Program has been generously supported since 2000 by the Atlanta firm of John Portman & Associates, Inc. Portman is an internationally recognized architectural and engineering firm with offices in Atlanta, Georgia, and Shanghai, China. Established in 1953, Portman has over 50 years of expertise in designing hotels, universities, offices, trade marts, and mixed-use urban complexes around the world. Vision, creativity, and an entrepreneurial spirit are the fundamentals of their human-centered design philosophy. Georgia Tech is proud to be a partner with Portman in advancing these values through the Portman Prize. Past Portman Prize Visiting Critics 2021 Mario Gooden 2020 Alan Organschi 2019 Alan Organschi 2018 Billie Faircloth, AIA, LEED AP BD+C 2017 Claire Weisz, FAIA 2016 Brigitte Shim, FRAIC OC RCA Hon. FAIA OAA 2015 Julie Snow, FAIA 2014 Laurie Hawkinson, FAIA 2013 Jane Wernick, FREng Hon FRIBA FRSA CEngFIStructE FICE 2012 Maryann Thompson, FAIA 2011 Karl Backus, AIA 2009 Margaret Crawford, Ph.D. 2008 Jonathan Segal, FAIA 2007 Julie Eizenberg, AIA 2006 David Baker, FAIA (Visiting Critic) 2006 Jorge Silvetti (Jury Chair) 2005 Teddy Cruz 2004 Jeff Speck, AICP 2003 Gregg Pasquarelli, AIA 2002 Lily Chi 2001 Lindy Roy 2000 Lawrence Speck, FAIA Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in