Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Student Resources Student Resources We want all architecture students to be prepared before, during, and after your time here at Georgia Tech. Here you will find the resources to get you started, information and policies regarding your expectations each semester, and career services information to help you plan for your future. Student Resource Guide Get Involved Student Organizations Career Services Student Awards Student Advisory Council Graduate Teaching Assistantships Study Abroad Practicum Program Practicum : a course of study designed especially for the preparation of teachers and clinicians that involves the supervised practical application of previously studied theory. While the definition above relates to teachers and medical clinicians specifically, the same experience of supervised practical application of theory – together with the application and building of skills, applies to architects. The School of Architecture Practicum Program is a supplement to our very successful Career Fair and aims to provide opportunities for all students in the undergraduate and graduate programs to experience the working culture of architectural practice through office placement. Sign Me Up! Policies and Guidelines Studio Culture Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in