Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Portfolio Guidelines Preparing Your Application Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Graduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Graduate Studies in Architecture at Georgia Tech are comprised of four distinct degree-granting programs: the Master of Architecture, the Master of Science (M.S.) in Architecture (with several areas of concentration), the Master of Science in Urban Design (MSUD) and the Ph.D. in Architecture (with several areas of concentration). This year, the GRE will not be required for applications to the M.Arch, M.S. in Architecture, and MSUD programs. Apply Now! Our Graduate Programs The Master of Architecture program is the professional program in architecture leading to the NAAB-accredited M.Arch degree. The 2-year track accommodates students who hold a pre-professional degree in architecture and a 3.5 -year track is designed for students who hold an undergraduate degree in a field other than architecture. Licensure requirements include a professional degree, a period of practical training (internship), and successful completion of all of the sections of the Architect Registration Examination (ARE). Each state determines the specific requirements with regard to initial training, examination, and professional practice. Please visit www.NCARB.org for additional information. The M.S. in Architecture, the MSUD, and the Ph.D. programs are post-professional programs in advanced architectural studies and are oriented toward advanced practice, scholarship, and research. Preparing Your Application Portfolio Guidelines Meet Our Graduate Ambassadors Our Graduate Ambassadors are faculty-nominated student representatives who embody the diversity, talent, and enthusiasm of our School. Our ambassadors are available to answer questions about our school and share their experiences as architecture students at Georgia Tech. Meet Our Students Connect with our Advisors Our advisors are here to guide you through your decision and your admissions process. Contact Robin Tucker Contact Nitra Wisdom Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in