Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of City & Regional Planning College of Design Main navigation About Chair's Welcome Contact Us History Hire a Planner Give to the School Employment Opportunities Academics Courses Undergraduate Minor in Sustainable Cities Real Estate Development Certificate Master’s Studies Master of City and Regional Planning Master of Science in Global Development Master of Science in Urban Analytics Master of Science in Geographic Information Science & Technology Dual Degree Programs Global Partnerships Graduate Certificates Ph.D. in City and Regional Planning Admissions Prospective Students Admissions Checklist Financial Aid Get a Closer Look Research & Engagement Faculty Research Student Research & Work MCRP Studios MCRP Applied Research Papers & Master's Theses MS-GIST Capstone Projects Doctoral Dissertations Affiliated Research Centers & Academic Labs Eco Urban Lab Friendly Cities Lab Planning + Property Lab Planning Local Economic Development Lab Urban Climate Lab Global Partnerships Current Students People Advisory Board Alumni Ph.D. Students Student Ambassadors News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Support the Future of Planning Support the Future of Planning We are appreciative of the financial help provided by alumni and friends who share commitment to the values of sustainability, resilience and social justice that are the focus of our work in the School of City and Regional Planning. In today’s climate, private giving is essential to providing access to graduate education for many talented aspiring planners, and once students are on campus, private giving facilitates a richness in opportunities that is vital to the best preparation for meaningful professional practices. Our ambitions are great, and we hope that you will play a part in fulfilling them. Equity, Justice & Inclusive Design Fellowship We believe it is essential that the next generation of planning leaders include those who come from communities of color. Their often-unheard voices must be amplified for us to create just, equitable, and inclusive communities for all. In order to do so, we are creating two Equity, Justice & Inclusive Design Fellowships for aspiring graduate students who are Black, indigenous, or of color who need financial assistance to attend Georgia Tech. We intend to begin awarding these $2,000 fellowships in fall 2021, but we need your help to make this happen. Donate Now Meet the Inaugural EJID Fellowship Recipients In 2020 the School of City & Regional Planning reissued a statement committing to justice and inclusive communities. Attached to the statement was an action plan setting out a list of goals and clearly defined plans to pursue the advancement of social and racial justice. The Equity, Justice, and Inclusive Design Fellowship campaign launched in November 2020 to meet one of these goals. MCRP students Ethan Knight-Scott and Madison Davis were the inaugural recipients. They reflect on the impact of the fellowship and their future goals in a conversation with the School. Read the full story. Other Ways to Support the School Graduate Fellowships Endowed graduate fellowships are vital to enabling the best and the brightest students to attend planning school. These endowments provide an annual income to assist with both academic and living expenses for graduate students. Faculty Chair Endowments Successful cutting-edge research requires laboratory facilities, equipment, and support services which State resources cannot sufficiently fund. Faculty chair endowments are key to enabling faculty to conduct investigations that have promise for developing solutions to today’s planning problems and anticipating tomorrow’s challenges across the planning spectrum. Existing Endowments Below is the list of existing endowments that were established in honor of our alumni and leaders. The City and Regional Planning General Development Fund - supports teaching and research in the School. The Frederick K. Bell Fellowship Endowment - supports MCRP students in memory of the Atlanta and South Carolina planner. The Thomas D. Galloway Fellowship Endowment - supports MCRP graduate students in memory of the former College of Design (formerly College of Architecture) dean. The Glatting, Jackson, Kercher, Anglin, Lopez Endowment - supports MCRP students working in areas of land development, transportation, and urban design. The Thera Richter Endowment - supports female MCRP students in memory of Tech’s first female master’s degree holder. The Frank Wilkinson Endowment - supports research on urban development outside of the Atlanta Metro region. How to Make a General SCaRP Donation with a Check Please include a short note with your check indicating the purpose or designation of your gift, including the School of City & Regional Planning's name or the name of the particular fellowship you are donating to. Please make your check payable to the Georgia Tech Foundation and mail it to: Georgia Tech School of City & Regional Planning 245 Fourth St. NW, #204 Atlanta, GA 30332-0155 How to Make a General SCaRP Donation Online Please follow these steps: Go to the Georgia Tech donation page http://development.gatech.edu/ Click on “Give Now” at the top right of the page Enter “Gift amount in $” Under “Special Purpose” enter, “School of City & Regional Planning” Under “Special Purpose Amount” re-enter dollar amount entered in “Gift amount in $” Leave “Amount to Roll Call” and “Amount to Parents Fund” zero (0) If you would like your donation to be designated to one of our existing endowments, please enter a note under “Comment” Enter your name, billing address, email address, and credit/debit card information Click on “Give” to complete transaction If your company has a matching gift program Scroll down to MATCHING GIFT COMPANY and enter your company name. Once the gift processing is completed, you will receive an automatic reply indicating that it was received. If you register on your employer’s site, look for the GTF (not the Institute) and they will contact our Matching Gift coordinator at Tech to verify/approve it. Make a Donation Online Additional Information To learn more about giving opportunities in the School of City & Regional Planning, contact Susan Sanders, Director of Development in the College of Design, to discuss your philanthropic goals. Email Susan Sanders Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in