Skip to main navigation Skip to main content Skip To Keyboard Navigation Toggle navigation School of Architecture College of Design Main navigation About Our History Atlanta Student Work Publications Diversity Facilities Open Opportunities Hire Our Students Accreditation Academics Curriculum Plans Bachelor of Science in Architecture Architecture Minor Architecture Certificates Master of Architecture Master of Science in Architecture Master of Science in Urban Design Dual Master of Architecture & Master of City & Regional Planning Ph.D. in Architecture International Education Current Courses Research Architecture, Culture, & Behavior Building Design Technology Design Computation History, Theory, Criticism Urbanism Research Labs Future Students Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Ph.D. Admissions International Students Transfer Students Pre-College Program Visit Us Scholarships & Financial Aid Future Student Resources Current Students Student Advisory Council Student Resource Guide Academic Advising Studio Culture Career Services Practicum Program Student Organizations Graduate Teaching Assistantships Computer Policy Portfolio Policy Student Awards Community Meet Our Student Ambassadors Meet Our Ph.D. Students Alumni Career Fair BuzzworthySoA Sign-Up 2021 Awards Day People Ventulett Chairs Portman Prize Studio Critic Ventulett NEXT Generation Visiting Fellow Douglas C. Allen Lecturer Academy of Medicine Lecturer News & Events Open Search Search Breadcrumb Home Student Practicum Program Student Practicum Program Practicum: a course of study designed especially for the preparation of teachers and clinicians that involves the supervised practical application of previously studied theory. While the definition relates to teachers and medical clinicians specifically, the same experience of the supervised practical application of theory – together with the application and building of skills, applies to architects. About the Practicum Program The School of Architecture Practicum Program is a supplement to our very successful Career Fair and aims to provide opportunities for all students in the undergraduate and graduate programs to experience the working culture of architectural practice through office placement. Following an application process, practice placements are arranged at top architecture firms in cities around the US for the week of Spring Break. The goal of the program is to add an intense and exciting, “career-steering” supplement to the design and research curriculum, and to create an ongoing cultural exchange between practicing architects and the School. Practice Placement Process The placement process is based on the student’s stated goals and preferences, along with their academic experiences and demonstrated skills, in order to match the student with a compatible firm. Applications will be due in December 2020, and placements are decided in mid-January 2021. A student applies to the Practicum Program by submitting the following: 5-page portfolio in PDF format One page letter of intent and updated resume List of 3 cities you are interested in visiting Recommendation letter – from faculty, not the employer Students applying to the Practicum Program are responsible for travel, accommodations, and expenses for the duration of the placement stay. Students are encouraged to be resourceful in terms of alumni networking and friends and family networks to help facilitate accommodations in the cities where they want to work. Contact Program Director, Charles Rudolph Questions? If you can't find the information you were looking for, we'll get you to the right place. Contact Us Georgia Institute of Technology North Avenue Atlanta, GA 30332 +1 404.894.2000 Campus Map General Directory Employment Emergency Information Legal Legal & Privacy Information Human Trafficking Notice Title IX/Sexual Misconduct Hazing Public Disclosures Accessibility Accountability Accreditation © 2023 Georgia Institute of Technology GT LOGIN User account menu Log in